
####novel####Chapter 1 You'll never be her
　　It is a cold and quiet night. 
　　Nora Hill was lying on the edge of the bed, looking at Steward Mandel with affection. 
　　"This is my husband who I will give my whole heart to." Nora thought. 
　　She reached out her shaking finger to sketch the outline of Steward in the air. What she was thinking was to touch him for real.   
　　At that time, she recalled her doctor's words in the daytime. 
　　Her doctor said to her, "The CT results show that there is a malignant tumour in your brain. It is commonly called brain cancer."
　　All of a sudden, she felt a gush of dark red blood pouring out of her nose. 
　　Nora got rattled and she was afraid to wake Steward up. So she covered her nose with her hands and ran to the bathroom to wash the blood off. 
　　Though Nora did everything quietly, the sound of the running water from the bathroom woke up Steward who was a light sleeper. 
　　He scolded without any patience, "Why the loud noise? Get out of here!"  
　　The sound of water stopped and after a while, Nora stepped out of the bathroom, afraid to make any noise and her eyes were filled with humbleness and carefulness that Steward did not notice. She said to him, "Dear, the doctor said that your cornea transplant operation is scheduled in the next month. You will gain your eyesight soon!"
　　Without seeing anything, Steward tilted his head, snorting with loathing. 
　　"Aren't you exited about that ?" Nora felt rather bitter but kept asking Steward. 
　　Steward did not deign to answer.
　　Nora clenched her fists at her sides and took a deep breath, saying, "It is said that Ann is coming back..." 
　　"How dare you mention her name to me!" The moment Steward heard the name of Ann Edith, he burst out into anger. He grabbed something beside him on the nightstand and then threw it at her.
　　Unexpectedly hit on the belly by the thing he threw, Nora fell on the ground. Regardless of the pain, Nora reached out to steady the crystal ornament of two swans who faced each other. 
　　Nora failed to protect it, so the crystal ornament fell to the ground with a crack. The neck of one of the two swans broke, so the shape of heart the two swans' necks formed no longer existed. 
　　So did the heart of Nora, broken and incomplete.
　　"You deserve the pain. You are such a vicious woman!" Steward gave her a snort of laughter. Even at that time, he had lost his sight, but his eyes were filled with impatience. He complained, "Because of you marrying me, Ann had to leave me and because of you, I lost my eyesight!" 
　　His words, like a sharp knife, cut deep into Nora's heart. She broke down in tears.
　　"I am sorry. It is all my fault." She apologized with a disinclined smile. Nora wiped away her tears and said firmly, "However, I never regret marrying you and letting Ann leave you, because she is such a..." 
　　"Will you stop it? You will never be able to live up to her!" His eyes were blazing with anger and he yelled at her in disgust. 
　　Steward's words hurt Nora's feelings and Nora said in a weak voice, "You are right. I can not compare with Ann. I deserve all of the bad things." 
　　Steward hardly heard what she said and he did not care. He beckoned her over the way he treated unimportant people. 
　　Nora was totally lost in despair but couldn't help coming to him, like a flying moth darting into the fire. 
　　Steward lifted his hands and reached out to her face. She thought he was going to touch her, so she got flattered. Her eyes began to glisten.
　　But the fact was that she was about to fall into the abyss. 
　　The gentle but lightly horny hands on her skin suddenly tightened and clutched her neck.
　　"After my operation, the last person I want to see is you! How could I be happy if you are still here... I wish you could stay away from me forever..." 
　　After his words, the big room fell into silence.

####novel####Chapter 2 Divorce
　　Nora was speechless and her lips quivered.
　　The hands on her neck did not make her stifle physically but she still couldn't catch her breath. Something in her heart as well as the air was lost.
　　When her tears fell on his hands, Steward immediately kept away from her as if she was something dirty.
　　"Stop pretending to be a weak and innocent person!" he said.
　　With bitter pain, Nora closed her eyes and took all her strength to say, "I agree to have a divorce only when your operation is successfully done."
　　"I don't know what kind of tricks you are playing." Steward was surprised by her for a while, frowning with disgust at her.
　　Nora was on the edge of rage but she calmed down and said in a low voice, "Before the divorce, I've got one condition. For the next month, we should live together like a real couple. When a month is over, I will sign the divorce paper."
　　She said it quickly because she was afraid that she could not finish her words at all. 
　　The moment she said the word "divorce", she felt her heart was squeezed by an invisible hand and bleeding.
　　Nora didn't expect that she would be the one who started talking about the divorce. She had thought that she would be his wife for the rest of her life, even though Steward would not treat her as his wife.
　　She had been waiting for him to be moved by her even if it might take three years, five years or a decade. 
　　Maybe she just didn't have that luck. She was now seeing her last days. 
　　"I will have a divorce with you only when you do what I said. Or, you will never get a divorce even I die..."
　　Steward clenched his fists. He started to have the idea of divorcing Nora since he heard that Ann was coming back.
　　Since the one who he really loved was coming back, how could he bear to live with Nora?
　　Seeing that Steward was in the middle of thinking, Nora ran toward him with a hug.
　　"Please, I only need a month. After that, I will leave you, forever..." Nora was begging Steward.
　　Steward was startled by her for a while and suddenly he felt a little upset with his hands pushing her away. 
　　When he touched her body, he felt that she had lost a lot of weight. It seemed that even a little force could push her down. 
　　But then he was thinking that Nora had nothing to do with him. The more important thing was that he would be able to dump her a month later.
　　"I accept the condition." Steward said to her in a low voice.
　　After hearing that, Nora's eyes were filled with despair but she couldn't do anything.
　　In the house of the Mandel's.
　　The Mandels all felt that something was changing between this couple.
　　Steward had been upset about his marriage and he treated Nora indifferently. The Steward family was surprised that they were closer to each other. 
　　Steward's parents were glad to know that and they said, "Are we going to have a little baby in our family? We can't wait to be your kid's grandparents!"
　　Wearing a cold face, Steward didn't want to talk about that. He was going to leave and with the help of Nora, he went in the car.
　　When the car's door opened, Nora was hardly pushed by Steward into the car. Her head hit the car and she felt a lot of pain.
　　"Are you going to have a baby with me? Is this your real aim?" 
　　Nora raised her head and she found his eyes, though losing sight, were full of hatred and disgust at her. 
　　Her head as well as her whole body were in great pain.
　　"I did not want to..." Nora said weakly. Even though she wanted to have a baby, she was not able to.
　　"I hope you are telling the truth." Steward sneered and kept hurting her with his words, "I would rather have no baby at all than have a baby with you." 
　　"We are not going to have a baby," Nora felt a bit sad. She can't have a baby and he didn't want to.
　　They kept silent on the way home.
　　The car stopped in front of their house. Steward opened the door and Nora got off on the other side. She ran toward him and held his hands.
　　For the following days left, she would no longer live with her like strangers.
　　He did not refuse to take her hand but thought he would be able to leave her in ten days. 
　　Nora felt much better and her pale face turned a little red. 
　　She wished that they could live like this forever.
　　"Steward, I am coming back," a sweet but sudden voice came from behind them.
　　That voice, like a spell cast on her, instantly shattered the illusion of Nora's happy life with Steward.
　　Not far away, Ann stood with a big sweet smile on her face.

####novel####Chapter 3 You are my husband
　　"Ann?"asked Steward.
　　He was frozen as if he somehow got stuck.It was obvious that he was a little awkward.
　　Wearing her high heels,Ann walked toward them in slow pace.
　　She still looked gorgeous and beautiful like two years ago when Nora met her in the country of Sebroiria.
　　Nora was not happy about Ann's appearing in their life.There was only ten days left so why did she have to appear before them?
　　Ann stood still two meters away and she stared at Steward,sighing,"I came here just to make sure that you live a happy life.Since now you are living happily together with her,it's not necessary for me to stay here.Take care..."
　　"Don't go!"Steward got a little flurried,not willing to let her go.
　　A thought stuck Nora,"If she lets Steward go this time,they are really over."
　　But Steward couldn't wait to get rid of Nora.He took a huge but unsteady step toward Ann and gave her a tight hug.
　　Nora saw it clearly that Ann was doing her show-off face.Her head fell on Steward's shoulder with her arms around his waist.
　　Nora's body quivered in anger.Even though now it was the early summer,she still felt cold inside.
　　Her eyes turned red and she reached out,hoping to pull him back.
　　"Steward,you are my husband.How could you do this to me?Ann,you are such a shameless woman!"
　　While Ann was keeping quiet in his arms,Nora was screaming like a fishwife!At that time,Steward was embarrassed so he shook off her hands.
　　"Will you stop?"asked Steward.
　　Nora fell on the ground,his words making her freeze.She was caught by a throbbing pain in her head.
　　Ever since he lost his eyesight,his hearing had become better.Hearing the moan of pain from Nora,he showed concern for her by asking,"Are you alright?"in such a caring way that he himself did not notice.
　　Ann said,"Nora did not hit her head,but why does she make people believe that she has a bad headache?"
　　"Why the act,Nora?"Steward frowned for Ann's words made him believe that Nora was pretending to have a headache.He thought it was foolish to show concern for her at that time.
　　He couldn't believe that he was almost cheated by her.
　　The great pain put Nora in a bad mood,and the sight of Ann still being in Steward's arms made her even more angry.She yelled at Ann in a hoarse voice,"Get out of here!Get out of here!"
　　Ann saw Nora glaring at her and was afraid to anger her.
　　"I am leaving,Steward."Ann said.
　　This time Steward did not make her stay.Soon,he heard the sound of her car's engine.Ann has gone.
　　However,Nora still kept saying"Get out of here"again and again.It seemed that she had lost her mind.Steward couldn't stand her anymore and gave a slap in her face.
　　"Did you really lose your mind?"
　　Nora almost couldn't support herself.The moment she wanted to explain,Steward added coldly,"I want a divorce."
　　She was surprised by his words and it took a while for her to digest the information.She was murmuring,"There are only ten days left..."
　　"What's the difference between today and ten days later,"Steward wore a cold face and said with impatience,"We will get a divorce in the end."
　　The words were on the tip of her tongue.She wanted to let him know that she might leave him for good and never see him again.
　　She didn't say it but said,"Did you forget what I said?I will never agree to divorce even if I die if you don't treat me as your wife for a month..."
　　"It is none of my business.I will divorce you anyway."
　　Steward interrupted her,and what he said really hurt her like a knife cutting on her heart.
　　Her heart was no longer complete since Steward's car accident or even since their marriage.Her broken heart with patches sewed all over was seriously wounded.
　　But now the patches on longer worked,the broken heart kept bleeding and shriveling.
　　"It is true that I am dying,"Nora said with a quiver in her voice.She added in a strangled voice,"I have got really sick and few days left for me."


####novel####Chapter 4 She deserves all these things but not a happy life
　　Steward was poleaxed for a while but soon carelessly asked her as if what she said was a joke,"How long could you live?"
　　"When could she leave him for good?"he thought.
　　His words gave her a big hit as usual.
　　Nora was not sure whether her heart was still beating.She said coldly and indifferently,"Ten days."
　　As for Nora,the day she has a divorce with Steward,she might be dying of her cancer.
　　Steward wondered why she kept repeating"ten days".
　　Ten days is short but for him,he can't wait.
　　The moment he was about to ask,Nora said in a cold and stubborn way,"If you want to have a divorce before I die,you should never see Ann in ten days."
　　Steward was not happy about her words but he was comforted by the idea that when he finishes the eye operation,he can divorce her immediately.
　　He left Nora alone,and he asked his assistant Leo Smith in the car for help to lead him home.
　　What he did not see was that the woman behind him was huddling in great pain.She bit her lip so tight to keep from moaning that her lips started to bleed.
　　Nora felt like sometimes a numerous number of needles were prodding at her head or sometimes a big hammer was hitting her.Unfortunately,the image of her husband and Ann hugging appeared in her mind which made her headache worse.
　　She had to keep hitting her head on the ground,foolishly trying to stop her pain.
　　"Stomp,stomp,stomp..."
　　When Leo walked out of the house,he was totally surprised by Nora's action."Mrs Hill,What's the matter with you?I'll call the doctor!"
　　Leo was going to take out his phone but was stopped by a cold hand from Steward.
　　At that time,Nora looked pale with bruises all over her overhead.She was weary and wet like a person who had just come out of a swimming pool.
　　"I am alright.Thank you for your help."Nora said to Leo.
　　She stumbled toward home.
　　Leo did not know what was going on between them but he clearly knew that he had no right to persuade either of them to do anything.
　　At a restaurant in the center of the city...
　　Ann was meeting Nora.She said without preamble,"Mrs Hill,it has been two years since you stole Steward from me.It is time for you to leave him since he did not love you at all."
　　Faced with her unreasonable requirement,Nora was not frighted by her and she just asked indifferently,"Have you got divorced?"
　　"How did you know?"Ann did not expect her to say that.
　　Ann prepared a lot to say but now she kept silent since Nora had known she had been married before.
　　Nora kept saying,"At that time,when Steward's and my family wanted to be connected by marriage,I did not know he had already had a girlfriend.After the announcement of our marriage,you soon went to Sebroiria.On his way to the airport to get you back,Steward had a car accident and lost his eyesight."
　　"So I went to Sebroiria to find you only to find you were having a wedding with a man in the church."Nora added.
　　Ann got embarrassed and asked Nora,"Did you tell all these things to Steward?"
　　Nora did not answer her questions directly,"You were unwilling to come back at that moment,but now what's your real aim?"
　　Nora's words made Ann very nervous so she took her bag and left.
　　"I got nothing to say."Ann said.
　　Nora felt sad because even if Ann had ulterior motives,she could do nothing.Few days were left for her.
　　When she walked out of the restaurant,Ann looked back at Nora through the window with vicious eyes."We'll see,"she thought.
　　When Nora arrived at her home,it was already dark outside.
　　She noticed that the light of the study on the second floor was still on and she counted how long could she stay with Steward.Five days equals 120 hours.She did not want to be separate from him for one second.
　　She went upstairs quietly.When she passed the study,she was overhearing someone talking.
　　"Since Ann is coming back,what are you going to do?"
　　The voice belonged to Steward's cousin,Gabriel Miller,whom she was familiar with.
　　"After five days,I am going to have my eye operation."said Steward.Nora could sense his delight in his words but she felt a little sad herself.
　　Gabriel seemed that he could not understand Steward's act,he said with blame,"You wouldn't end up like this if you took medicine two years ago.Now you have to do the eye operation."
　　"I don't care.I just want to see the guilty face of that woman.It is a good way to torture her,"Steward said idly,"She deserves all these things but not a happy life."
　　After hearing this,Nora was totally shocked outside the door,and she could barely stand up by herself.


####novel####Chapter 5 She became a totally loser
　　Nora covered her eyes and toddled like the autumn fallen leaves.
　　She can totally feel that Steward hated her very much.
　　Nora knew that she should leave.At least she had some dignity left.
　　But she did not move.The door opened and Gabriel was surprised to see her and called her name.He was wondering why she had become so pale and weak.
　　Steward in the study didn't expect her to be here.He was a little rattled but he still refused to explain to her.
　　Without replying to Gabriel,she walked right into the study and asked Steward in a quivering voice,"Why did you do this to me?Is this what you really want to do,to hurt me even if you lost your eyesight?"
　　"What you heard is true,"He pressed his lips together and then sneered,"Do I need to repeat my words to you?"
　　Nora clenched her fist and the veins stood out.She decided to tell him the secret two years ago.
　　"Two years ago,I once went to Sebroiria to find Ann back.At that time,she was still unwilling to come back even if I told her that you had lost your eyesight.Soon she got married.This is what she did to you two years ago.After hearing this,will you still forgive her?"
　　After saying that,she stared at Steward's face and wanted to know how he was going to react.
　　She knew that his reaction to this mattered to her.
　　But in the end,he let her down.
　　Steward was stunned for a while and then made a sardonic smile.
　　"I don't mind what Ann did.But whatever you do makes me sick."
　　He definitely knew what words would hurt her.The more pain she felt,the more content he would be.
　　Nora made a bitter smile and the final flash of hope in her eyes disappeared.
　　She became a total loser.
　　She was going to wipe away the tears but only to find that her eyes were too dry to shed tears.
　　She really wanted to say to him,"Even if you hate me,I still want to give you all I have.Steward,I love you,more than anyone in the world."
　　But how would that make a difference?
　　He kept hurting her with his words and forgot she was also a person with feelings.
　　Outside the door,Gabriel stood and interrupted their conversation,"Nora,please leave him for your own good."
　　Nora made a smile,but in Gabriel's eye,the smile was more like a crying face.
　　"I have only five days left."After saying that,she immediately left.
　　Gabriel stared behind Nora and felt a little worried about her.
　　And then he turned around to look at Steward,sighing,"I hope you will never regret what you did to her."
　　"Of course I won't,"said Steward coldly.
　　Gabriel felt sorry for Nora.
　　Steward and Nora had their marriage registration without holding the wedding.
　　He still remembered that Nora held the marriage license like holding a treasure and she kissed it again and again.
　　There is a limit to human endurance."If Nora couldn't stand him anymore,did Steward know what he would lose?"Gabriel thought.
　　After running back to her room,she weakly sat on the ground and took a deep breath.She almost couldn't breathe and clenched her chest.She was begging before Steward,"Steward,could you treat me as your wife and give me some caring before I leave this world?"
　　She could imagine how he was gonna react.He might say,"I don't want to have anything more to do with you!"
　　All his tenderness was only for Ann and Nora couldn't get any of it.
　　Her heart was soaked in the bitter water,bitter to the extreme.
　　After a few days,she will get her liberation.Her life will no longer taste bitter.
　　The next morning,as usual,Nora got up early and then made breakfast.
　　When she knocked on Steward's room with breakfast,she did not expect that she was greeted by him with a heavy slap!

####novel####Chapter 6 Steward, will you stop it?
　　The slap was so hard that Nora fell to the ground.And the well-prepared breakfast went to waste.
　　Steward shouted,"Why did you hurt Ann?!”
　　The slap was made in the same place as the last one a few days ago.Her face had quickly turned red and swollen,and her mouth was bleeding.
　　To her surprise,Nora didn’t feel a thing.
　　In the past,for her,it was the happiest thing to live together with Steward,seeing him have breakfast she made.But now,the pain he brought her made her numb.
　　She denied,“No,I didn’t hurt her.”
　　Steward grasped her wrist tightly as if he wanted to break it and then dragged her toward the gate.
　　He had been accustomed to walking in the darkness,so he could walk in the house without guidance.He dragged Nora like a lifeless doll,without any caring.
　　At that time,Leo had already been waiting outside the gate.He was,actually,not surprised by Steward’s rudeness but he still asked Nora politely,“Mrs.Mandel,do you need a new pair of shoes?”
　　Nora's slippers were no longer on her feet,and she was standing barefoot on the stone path in the yard.
　　Steward yelled at her without patience,“Hurry!”
　　She shook her head to Leo and smiled,“Thank you for your kindness.”Then she went into the car.
　　She thought to herself that if Steward believed that torturing her would make him happy,then she would just accept that.
　　At the hospital...
　　Ann was lying in the bed in the ICU,looking very pale.The doctor said seriously,“The patient's waist has been hit by a huge impact,and the kidney damage has caused heavy bleeding.It is necessary to do the kidney surgery as soon as possible!"
　　On the way to the hospital,Steward had kept his cold face.And at the moment,he was extremely angry.He finally released Nora,and pushed her in front of the doctor.He said coldly and firmly,“Her kidney might be a match for Ann!”
　　Nora gasped and started screaming,“Steward,will you stop it?How could you do this to me?”
　　Ignoring Nora’s sad face,he said without caring,“Yesterday,you pushed Ann down the stairs in the restaurant.It was all recorded by the security camera!”
　　“I NEVER pushed her!She must be lying!”
　　“Ann is still not out of danger now!Did she take her life to frame you?”Steward said and then turned to the doctor,“Use her kidney right now to save Ann!”
　　But the doctor shook his head and said,“Mr.Mandel,the kidney transplant operation could be successfully done only when Mrs.Mandel’s kidney matches for Ms Edith.”
　　Nora went to do the blood test and soon got the results.
　　“Great!Mrs.Mandel’s kidney matches!”the doctor said.
　　Steward asked in a delightful voice,“Please start the surgery right now!”
　　“No!”Nora took several steps back until there was no room for moving back.She leaned against the wall and shook her head,begging,“Steward,you have to believe me!I did not push her!I did not!”
　　At this time,Leo played the surveillance video where a woman,on the stairwell,pushed another woman down the stairs...
　　Nora could not believe her eyes.The woman who pushed Ann in the video looked exactly like her.She wore the same clothes and the same haircut,and they were pretty much the same in height.
　　“The waitress in the restaurant is the witness,so now what else can you say?”Steward sneered coldly.He really hated her for being such a vicious and stupid woman.
　　“The woman in the video was not me.She’s not...”Nora couldn’t understand the current situation and she started to have a headache.
　　“Did she really push Ann?”Nora thought,but she couldn’t think of anything about it.
　　She believed that she would never do this!
　　“It is my kidney,so I have the right not to give it to Ann.”Nora said.
　　“You have no choice,Nora.You should thank God that people can still be alive with only one kidney.You giving the kidney to Ann benefits all.”Steward said.
　　After hearing this,Nora’s face turned pale,terribly pale.
　　But if human beings could not live with only one kidney,what would Steward do?Nora thought,“Maybe he would never care about my life.”
　　Ignoring her refusal,Steward confined her to a ward and a few bodyguards were sent to guard it.The surgery was scheduled for tomorrow.
　　Nora was quivering at the corner of the bed with her head in her hands.It was impossible for Steward to release her.But now she had no phone and no one could help her.
　　At night,Ann pushed the door and left the ICU she was supposed to stay in.

####novel####Chapter 7 Mom will be with you forever
　　“You were faking it!”Nora was a little surprised to see her.
　　Ann shook her head with a show-off smile on her face.
　　“I have uremia and really need a kidney transplant.”Ann said.
　　It was a little difficult for Nora to digest the information but Ann continued,“I found that you were an organ donor and your kidney could match for me.You see,what a coincidence!”
　　“Is this your real aim for coming back?”
　　“Yes,”Ann shrugged her shoulder and thought for a while,saying,“Oh,more than that,as you know,I got devorced and I think Steward is the best man for me.A few days later,he will restore his sight.Who will let such a perfect man go?”
　　“I just can’t believe this is what you do!”Nora said.
　　Nora could not believe that in order to frame her,Ann would be willing to be pushed down the stairs.
　　“I am not the woman who was pushed down in the video.”Ann laughed at Nora for her being such an innocent and stupid woman.
　　Nora was so angry that her body couldn't stop trembling.She rushed forward to slap her twice,giving her what she had received from Steward!
　　“I will never give you my kidney,never!”Nora said.
　　And soon Ann and Nora started to wrestle together.
　　Nora felt a sudden pain in her belly and a stream of heat could not stop flowing down from her body.
　　The bodyguards outside found that the situation was out of control so they went in to separate them.
　　The doctor helped stop her from bleeding and gave her a test.The results showed that she had been pregnant for less than a month.
　　Nora couldn’t believe she was going to have a baby,because the experts once told her that she could barely get pregnant.
　　After making sure that she was truly pregnant,her eyes were filled with delight and persistence.
　　When Steward arrived at the hospital,he went to see Ann first.
　　Ann was lying in the bed.When he came,she held his hands on her swollen face with tears in her eyes.
　　“Steward,I do not need Nora’s kidney.She was a such a crazy woman who had lost her mind.And it seems that she is pregnant...”
　　Hearing that,Steward’s face turned gloomy.
　　He believed that Nora's real aim to be with him was to have a baby with him.
　　He did not expect that but he believed that he could deal with it.
　　He did not want the baby.
　　Steward wiped away Ann’s tears and comforted her,“You should take a good rest and be prepared for tomorrow’s surgery.As for Nora,I will deal with her.”
　　Ann threw herself into his arms,and a triumphant smile flashed on her face.
　　In the ward,Nora caressed her flat belly with both hands,with a look of joy on her face.
　　Steward’s face and words were all cold,“Did you forget what I have told you?You have no right to have my baby.”
　　Nora was about to cry.She thought she was accustomed to all this,but still got hurt.
　　“I did not push her,and the reason why she needed my kidney was that she had uremia.”Nora told Steward the truth.
　　Steward frowned.Obviously,he did not believe Ann had uremia but thought Nora was making up stories.
　　“Whatever you say,I do not want this baby.”
　　Nora burst into tears and asked Steward,"Why didn't you believe me?You can take her to do the test and you will know I am not lying."
　　Steward lost his temper,“I don’t care whether Ann was lying.You owed her.You are the reason why she had to leave me.You deserve all this!”
　　Nora did not know what to say.Her heart was broken and her eyes were filled with endless agonizing sadness.
　　“You really think that I owe her?You really think I am the one who should feel sorry?”
　　Nora just did not understand why she owed Ann all this.
　　Steward felt angry about her words even though he did not know the reason.He said to her,“Even if I do not love Ann,I would not love you and I would not have a baby with you!”Then he went out the ward,slamming the door.
　　Nora was frozen like a soulless doll.She kept her position until at down.
　　She finally made her decision.
　　“My dear baby,don’t be afraid.Mom will be with you forever no matter what your father does or say.”She said gently.

####novel####Chapter 8 Giving up
　　She still remembered how delightful she was when she was going to marry him.She had had a crush on him since she was young.
       Steward lost his sight but she still wanted to marry him.
       She had been maintaining their marriage for two years and she did not leave him even if sometimes he lost his temper and treated her badly. 
       She would leave him in a few days but what Steward did these days caused serious emotional damage to her.If this was what she needed to bear,she would take it.
When Steward appeared in front of her,it took her a lot of courage to stare at him.She stared at him not for remembering him but for giving up on him who had taken up much space in her heart for a long time.
     “Give me the divorce paper.I will sign it.”said Nora.
       Steward was a little surprised by the change in her attitude.He could not believe it since she had been persisting for so long.
     “Why do you change your mind?”asked Steward.
     “For me,I do not want to give my kidney to someone my husband loves.You want me to give my kidney to her,at least not as your wife.”Steward should feel happy about their divorce but he was haunted by an unknown feeling of fret. 
       He asked Leo to bring the divorce paper to the hospital.
       When she got the divorce paper,Nora did not sign it immediately but kept staring at the paper.
     “Are you having second thoughts?”Steward signed it quickly and asked Nora.
     “Before I sign it,I have three things for you to do.”Nora took a deep breath and looked at Steward calmly.Her heart was full of endless love for him but now totally frozen by his indifference. 
       Steward put aside his pen,ready to see what tricks she wanted to play.
     “The first thing is that you smile at me,wholeheartedly.”In her memory,Steward did not like smiling.He was likely to sneer coldly. 
       Steward was stunned and so did Leo.Steward was impatient.
     “The second thing is that you call me'honey'."This was the happiest moment when Steward would call her“honey”and treat her as his wife.She thought,“I had been his wife for these two years,I deserve his gentleness.”Leo knew what a simple thing Mrs.Mandel was asking for.He thought how painful she had been for these two years. 
       However,Steward replied coldly,“No,I can’t do that.” 
       Nora was accustomed to his refusal.She was very calm.“The third thing is that let me hug you.After that,I would sign the divorce paper immediately.”
       Steward frowned and he stood up slowly.He was very tall and his body was very nervous.
       Nora approached him and reached out to touch his face.As usual,every time she did this,he would grab her hand and shake it off in disgust.
       She did not want to see his unwilling face so she dared not to touch him.Nora could not believe she had been such a brave fool when she was with Steward!
       However,Nora was no longer the headstrong woman she used to be for she had been rejected with frustration by the one she loved.She was like a moth to a flame.
       When Nora came closer to him,Steward felt like he was attracted to her for a while.He held his breath and held her thin body in his arms.He felt like they had become one.
       Nora blinked her dry eyes and thought,“Even though I know you don’t love me,I still want to be with you.”But the truth was when she finally could stand by Steward,she only felt sad and mournful.
       This hug did not bring her any warmth.She only felt cold and sad.She found her courage to call him,“Dear...”


####novel####Chapter 9 The operation is going on
　　Nora still remembered that when she called Steward“dear”after their marriage for the first time,he asked her not to do that for he felt sick of it.
　　Steward wanted to hug her back,but he did not know why.But this time,Nora left him without any feeling attached.
　　He was a bit disappointed when she left his body.
　　Leo was not very far from Nora,he felt very sorry for her.When he saw that Nora took a pen and then signed it firmly,he asked her,“Mrs.Mandel,you haven’t gone through the details in the divorce paper.”
　　“I don’t care,”Nora smiled.She did not expect anything from Steward.
　　Leo took the divorce paper and went out.
　　In the room,Nora and Steward,no longer a couple,did not say anything to each other.
　　Nora broke the silence by asking,“What time is Ann’s surgery?”
　　Steward was not used to Nora being so indifferent.Yesterday she was very clingy.
　　He replied,“At two o’clock this afternoon.”
　　“Could you give my phone back?”
　　“Why do you need it?”
　　Nora did not know why he did not want to give the phone back to her.
　　“Because I might die on the operating table,I want my friend Mia to take care of me.I hope she will come...”
　　Mia was Nora's best friend and she had persuaded Nora not to go out with Steward and was really mad about her being with Steward.
　　“What are you talking about?”Steward interrupted her,“These are all nonsense.”
　　Nora did not care what he said to her.She continued,“I want Mia to take care of me.Do you expect to get my parents involved in all this stuff?”
　　Steward’s chest rose and fell a few times,and he told the bodyguard at the door to return her mobile phone.
　　Outside the operating room...
　　Ann was lying on the operating table,holding Steward’s hands,unwilling to let him go.
　　“Steward,will you wait for me during my surgery?”Ann said.
　　“Yes,”Steward said with a comforting smile,“I will wait outside and be the first one you can see after your surgery.”
　　“I do not believe you.The first person I would see must be the doctor or the nurse.”
　　It seemed like they two were the real couple.Nora stood watching them and wore a cold face.
　　Steward could not stand her indifference.
　　He still remembered that the last time he hugged Ann,Nora rushed to separate them.
　　“Did she want to be strangers to each other after divorce?”Steward thought.
　　At this time,Leo answered his phone and said in surprise,“Mr.Mandel,Professor James said you could have your eye surgery this afternoon.The sooner,the better!”
　　Steward did not expect that,and Ann felt very happy for him.
　　She said,“That’s so great!Soon you can gain your sight and see me.We will both be safe and healthy!”
　　Steward frowned and bit his lips tight.He had a bad feeling about what was about to happen.
　　Soon,Nora,Steward and Ann were all sent to the operating rooms.
　　Nora was lying on the cold operating table.She closed her eyes and put her hands on her belly.
　　She talked to the baby in her body in silence,“My dear baby,please forgive me.I really hope to hold on to you but I just can’t.It is not your father’s fault.My baby,I am so sorry...”
　　The tumor she had was malignant and the risk of the operation was very high.So she would spend the last few days with Steward rather than die on the operating table.
　　Now,she was tired of her life.She will leave the world with her baby.
　　The operations of Nora,Steward and Ann started at the same time.
　　Outside the operating room,Leo overheard that Nora donated both her kidney and cornea.He could hardly believe it!
　　She must have donated her cornea to Mr.Mandel!
　　The doctor walked out of the operating room where Nora was and said,“The situation is critical but we will try our best...”



####novel####Chapter 10 He would never meet Nora again
　　Leo could not believe what he had just heard and he was worried about Nora. He muttered, “You are going to regret it, Mr. Mandel. You have no idea what Mrs. Mandel did for you!”  
　　The operation lasted for several hours until the sunset.
　　When Steward woke up, her eyes felt a little pain. He wanted to touch his eyes but only touched the gauze. 
　　“Are you here, Leo?”
　　Leo’s eyes turned red and replied, “Mr. Mandel, the surgery of Ms. Edith was done successfully.”   
　　Leo did not say anything about Nora so Steward kept asking him, “How was Nora after the surgery?”
　　He was wondering why Leo did not mention anything about Nora.
　　“Ms. Hill had been taken away by a girl called Mia.” said Leo.
　　“Why can’t she just stay in bed and have a good rest?” said Steward.
　　He could not understand why she immediately left after a big surgery.
　　Leo felt like he was going to cry if he stayed here and talked about Nora. He said to Steward, “Excuse me, Sir. I still got something to do.”
　　Leo walked out of the ward quickly and gave himself two heavy slaps.
　　A week later, Ann got better and she was moved from ICU to a normal ward. She insisted on living with Steward. 
　　These days, Leo had a lot of work to do but he had no one to help him. Because of his boss’s frequent loss of his temper and his feelings of guilt, he even wanted to quit.
　　Steward was so ratty that no nursing workers could stand him for more than one day.
　　Leo thought that the arrival of Ms. Edith might help Mr. Mandel feel better, however, on the opposite, he was still in a bad mood and kept his cold face every day.
　　Even Steward himself did not know what was going on with him. Ever since the end of the operation, he had had a bad feeling.
　　Steward’s mother, accompanied by his cousin, Gabriel, went to the hospital to visit him. The sight of Ann surprised her.
　　“How could you be here? I have given you money two years ago and you promised me not to come back here forever.” Steward’s mother said.
　　Ann was awkward and did not know what to say. She turned to Steward but he seemed that it was none of his business.   
　　Steward was thinking about what had happened between Ann and his mother.
　　But when he realized that the woman he loved for so long might have already given up on him just for money, strangely, he was not surprised. 
　　It is not because he still loved Ann but he did not care about her anymore.
　　However, when his mother mentioned Nora's name, he felt a load of guilt. His heart beat so fast that he could not control himself.
　　“No wonder Nora did not want to see you. You hurt her so much and let her down. Maybe the end of your marriage is a good thing for her.” his mother said.  
　　“I have already signed the divorce paper with her.” said Steward.
　　His mother got very angry with him and left with Gabriel.
　　Gabriel thought it indeed was a good thing for Nora if she had a divorce from Steward.
　　Hearing what Steward said, Ann was extremely delighted that this perfect man was available now. Since Nora had left him, she would have the chance to be with him.
　　“Steward, did you and Nora get divorced?” she wanted to make sure. 
　　Steward did not want Ann to stay with him so he asked her to move to another ward and leave him alone.
　　After about half a month, Steward had made a good recovery. He was able to remove the gauze and he was able to see things but still a little blurred.
　　At the door of the ward, stood a thin woman.
　　He thought she was Nora and turned delighted. When he was about to call her, the woman at the door greeted him, “Mr. Mandel, I am the nursing worker, do you need any help?”
　　“Get out of here!” Steward was a little disappointed and his rudeness frightened that woman.
　　He was gasping and stared at the door, hoping to see Nora.
　　Leo stepped in and asked him, “Mr. Mandel, Who are you waiting for?”
　　Steward laughed at himself, “There’s no one I'm waiting for.” 
　　He kept looking at his phone and hoping to receive a message from Nora.
　　“Did she really want us to be strangers?” he thought.
　　Nora had not appeared before him these days and she never called.
　　Looking at Steward and thinking about Nora, Leo felt sad. Mr. Mandel would never be able to meet Nora again.
　　Another few days passed, and Steward fully recovered so he was discharged from the hospital.
　　He walked out of the hospital gate but still couldn’t see Nora.
　　Ann was fully recovered too and what about Nora?  
　　When he arrived at the villa, he found all the furniture was covered with a light layer of dust.
　　Steward looked around and took a careful look at the house where he and Nora had lived since their marriage.
　　Any edges and corners in this house had been carefully dealt with by Nora in case he fell and banged against them.
　　He took out his phone and called Nora eventually.
　　It took a while for her to pick up. Steward got a bit impatient and said coldly, “Nora, come here and take your own stuff. It takes up much space...”
　　After saying “OK”, she hung up the phone.
　　Steward was not satisfied with Nora’s reaction and sat on the couch, upset.
　　After a while, he heard that someone was coming in.
　　He put a smile on his face but soon kept calm. He turned around to see Nora but could not believe what he was seeing.
　　The woman who stood before him was Mia. She held a photograph of Nora in white and black with a frame.
　　She said with a blank expression, “Mr. Mandel, Nora died, and I am here to pack up Nora’s things.”


####novel####Chapter 11 Dear Mia, please take me away
　　Steward stared fixedly into the space as if he lost his sight again.
　　All of a sudden, Mia shouted jeers at him, “Now, both you and Ann have a healthy body but my poor Nora! My foolish and kind Nora!”
　　He did not know what she wanted to say and asked, “What do you mean?”
　　Mia scolded, “Steward, do you still believe it was a coincidence that you three had the operation on the same day? It is because Nora donated both her cornea and kidney to you and Ann!”
　　“I do not believe you! Tell me where Nora is!” Steward asked.
　　“She is right here. Don’t you see the photograph of her?”
　　After saying, Mia stepped forward and showed him the black-and-white photograph of Nora.
　　Before Steward, Nora in the photo wore a big smile.
　　Mia showed indifference to the pale face of Steward and wanted to throw the photo into his arms.
　　“Are you kidding me? I want to see her in person!” Steward was afraid to hold the photo, so he stepped back as if it was something extremely heavy. He seemed a little unstable.
　　Mia still held the photo and was about to cry, “I will never joke about my best friend’s death.”
　　Steward gasped and shook his head. He thought he might lose his mind. 
　　“She would not die. She still has a kidney left.” he could not believe Nora had died.
　　“Still a kidney left?” Mia’s eyes turned red and wet. She felt endless sadness and pain for Nora.
　　“What a foolish woman. Nora, you love him wholeheartedly but this is what he did to you!” Mia thought, “I hope you rest in peace and never be hurt by him.”
　　Mia remembered when she persuaded Nora to break up with Steward but she did not, she said to Nora, “If you break up with him, then we are still friends or I will never talk to you again!”  
　　So several days ago when she received Nora’s email, she thought Nora had decided to break up with Steward. Her email read, “Dear Mia, now I realized that you were right. Could you help me this time...”
　　She was very worried about Nora so she rushed to the hospital and could not believe what she saw.
　　Mia could not imagine how desperate Nora was!
　　Mia’s eyes were filled with sadness and she sneered at Steward, “This is what you want, right? This time, you will never meet her. She was such a nice person to sign the divorce paper with you before she died. A widower can go after someone who he really loves, right?” 
　　“Shut up!” Steward shouted in a sad voice, clenching his fists.
　　If Mia kept talking, he might lose his mind.
　　Mia was not frightened by him and was about to go upstairs to pack up things for Nora.
　　Steward stopped her with his arms, “You have no right to pack up her things. Tell Nora to come here.” 
　　“She will never come! If you do not let me pick up her things, you can just deal with the stuff yourself.” Mia cried and said with a lump in her throat, “But I have something for you to see.”
　　She went upstairs and opened their room’s door. She found a quilt on the floor and could not believe this was where Nora slept when she took care of him.
　　She did not walk in because she knew the thing was not in there.
　　Mia opened one door after another to find the thing that Nora left. Eventually, she went into a room where Nora might have lived. She started rummaging the room and making the room totally a mess.   
　　“You can’t make a mess here. Nora likes keeping things tidy.”
　　“Yes, I know. But she would not care since she has died.” Mia sneered again.
　　Steward frowned and he felt all feelings mixing up in his mind. “Why did she keep talking about Nora’s death? What’s wrong with Mia?” Steward thought. Until now, he still could not believe Nora had died.
　　Finally, Mia found Nora’s medical record in the lowest drawer.
　　There was a smudge of blood on that.
　　Mia threw it hardly on his face. But it fell so fast to the ground that he could not see it clearly.  
　　“Now take a look at this paper! I hope you have the courage to face the truth!” Mia said.


####novel####Chapter 12 Don't tell them about her death
　　“What is this? I have never seen this before.”
　　Steward had a bad feeling when he realized that it was a medical record.
　　Mia stopped talking but stared at him with sharp eyes.
　　Steward froze for a while and then took a deep breath. He picked up the medical record on the ground and opened it with quivering hands. He could not understand many medical terms on it but the words “malignant brain tumour” got him overwhelmed.
　　He remembered about a month before, Nora said to him, “I have got really sick and have few days left for me.” He felt he could not be able to hold the light paper.
　　The medical record showed that Nora had been to the hospital several times and the doctor prescribed some medicine for treating her brain cancer.    
　　Steward refrained from even thinking about this thing. He did not want to believe what he had just known was true.
　　But Mia forced him to face the truth, saying, “Nora has long decided to donate her cornea to you. It was risky for her to do the surgery so she would rather spend the rest of her time living with you even if she was in great pain.
　　Steward could hardly digest the information and every word Mia said was like a big hammer hit on his head.
　　“I do not want her to do this for me,” he was upset and did not know what to do next.
　　Mia couldn’t stop herself from crying, “You don’t deserve what Nora did for you, Steward. She was such a kind and brave woman. If I had known she would end up like this, I would do anything to stop her from being with you. It was because of you that Nora had to lose both her cornea and kidney. You were so mean to her!”
　　It was true that he acted like a jerk. He did hope she left him, but definitely not in this way. He did not want her to die. 
　　His heart was hurting and he came to realize that his feelings toward Nora were mixed up but at the moment he was afraid to know he loved her. 
　　“I do NOT believe you!” Steward suddenly yelled at Mia and questioned her, “Where were you hiding Nora? Is she in your house or her parents’ home?”
　　“She had already been cremated. I will not even tell you where her grave is. You leave her alone!” Mia said coldly and thought he was very ridiculous. When Nora was still alive, he did all he can to hurt her but now he acted like he had lost someone he deeply loved.”
　　Steward was infuriated by Mia’s words but he could not argue with it. He held Nora’s medical record tightly in his hands.
　　“I am going to her parent’s home right now. Don’t try to lie to me about Nora!”
　　At the moment, he still did not believe Nora had died. 
　　He started wondering whether Nora was sick at all. In the past, Nora had behaved like a normal healthy person. How could she suddenly die?
　　Actually, at that time, he did not care much about her so he did not notice what she had been through. She kept losing weight at that time.
　　Steward felt very guilty for Nora. At this time, Mia said to Steward, “Nora wanted to keep her death a secret. If you go to the Hill’s, don’t tell her parents she had died...”
　　“Stop saying that!” Steward said with a fierce look. He could not believe why Mia kept saying bad things about Nora! In his mind, Nora had not died!
　　Mia left his house without taking anything but the photo of Nora that she brought with her when she came.
　　Steward started to tidy up Nora’s room because he remembered she did not like messy places. 
　　He knew that she liked to keep everything in order and clean. She could not stand sticky things.
　　At that time, he was blind and he always made his room a mess on purpose. Nora did not like sticky things so he would knock the plate or the bowl over.           
　　And soon he asked Leo to find him a noisy dog. It kept running about and saw the whole house as its bathroom. 
　　He refused to be taken care of by other people so Nora had to do all the housework.
　　Nora had not lost her temper one single time. Every time he or the dog made a mess, she would tidy up the whole house and behave gently.
　　Once, he asked her, “Why did you treat this dog so well even if it had been so annoying?” 
　　The reason why this dog was so fussy was that it was betrayed by its former owner.
　　Nora said, “Because you like it.”
　　When she said this, Steward could sense her delight.
　　He shrugged and thought, “He brought this dog home but it did not mean he liked it.”
　　“I brought you home. Do you think it is because I like you?” Steward said to Nora.




####novel####Chapter 13 A video of Nora
　　After what he said, Nora felt she could not breathe, without saying anything for a while.
　　He did not mean what he said so he turned to another topic, “I am so fed up with this dog. I will ask Leo to send it to other places.” 
　　The fact was that no matter what the dog did, it could not irritate Nora. So Steward thought it was meaningless to keep this dog.
　　But Nora did not want this dog to leave her. She asked if this dog could be sent to the training school. 
　　“Do you want this dog to be a guide dog? Do you think I am a burden to you?”
　　“No, I just want this dog to learn to behave well so its new owner might accept it,” said Nora, “I am afraid that it might be treated badly by other people.”
　　Until now she realized that Steward did not like this dog. She had not given this dog a name. 
　　“You can do whatever you want to this dog but I do not want to see this dog and you anymore. Nora, could you leave me?” he frowned and said. He thought Nora was treating him just like a dog. She just felt sorry for him but she did not love him.
　　He did not notice that he had lost his temper again just for irritating her.
　　“I am not gonna leave you, never,” said Nora, “Nothing can separate us but death.”
　　That day, she sent the dog to the training school because she was afraid this dog might be sent to other places and treated badly.
　　When she returned home, she was crying to Steward, “It seemed that the little puppy knew he was separating from us. When I left it, it chased after me and then... a car... hit it.”   
　　Steward didn’t care about this dog but got sick of her being annoying. He asked her to stop crying.
　　Since then, their house had become quiet without the dog. Though she did less housework, Steward found she was not happy as before when she was with the dog.    
　　Steward stopped thinking of Nora and he tidied up her room. He slowly tore her medical record and flushed it down the toilet.
　　“Nora, I will never believe this. Do you think I will be guilty?”
　　Then he drove his car to the house of the Hills.
　　The Hills were a family of scholars in the city of Alexandria. The house was located in the suburbs, covering a large area with many gates. There was also a courtyard with gardens and rockwork. The place was so quaint that could be used to shoot costume dramas.  
　　Nora's mother and Steward's mother had long been good friends since they were young. That’s one of the reasons why these two families wanted to be connected through the marriage of Nora and Steward.
　　Steward found the expressions of everyone in the Hills were normal so he got more assured that Nora had not died.
　　When he met Mrs. Hill, he thought for a while and greeted her, “Mother.”
　　“I was informed that you and Nora had got divorced,” said Mrs. Hill, she looked at her former son-in-law, “I am happy that you gained your sight.”
　　She knew Steward when he was little but she did not expect he and her daughter’s marriage to end up like this.
　　He rarely visited after he and Nora got married. In consideration of his blindness and their unhappy marriage, she forgave his “impoliteness”. 
　　Mrs. Hill had thought he and Nora would have a good marriage but realized that marriage of two people who do not truly love each other would never be a good marriage.
　　When Steward recovered, she thought everything was getting better. She did not expect their divorce at all.
　　Maybe these two are not suitable for each other.
　　He asked in a constricted voice, “Did Nora tell you she got divorced from me?”
　　“She sent me a video, telling us she had got divorced and wanted to have a rest.”
　　“Could I... see that video?”
　　Mrs. Hill nodded her head and showed him the video.
　　Nora in the video wore light make-up and looked good. But he could see that she had lost a lot of weight. The shirt on her looked much looser which used to be suitable. She looked skinny.
　　The video was playing, “Dear Mom and Dad, through this video, I am sorry to tell you that I had a divorce with Steward. You don’t have to worry about me because I will take care of myself. I am not upset. It might sound irrational for me to travel alone without telling you in advance. I am not sure where I will go and when I will come back. But I am a grown-up now, and I don’t want you to worry about me. Love you, Mom and Dad.”  
　　This video was recorded on the date... of their operation.


####novel####Chapter 14 Seeing through Steward's pain
　　After watching this video, he still could not believe Nora had died. He thought she must have stayed in a certain place to have a rest.
　　Steward watched the video again and again so Mrs. Hill asked him, “Didn’t Nora tell you about this?”
　　After saying that, Mrs. Hill was a little awkward. Steward and Nora seemed not very close to each other. No wonder she did not tell these to Steward.
　　“I hope Nora has a good rest and starts a new chapter of her life. She is still young and she will find someone who truly loves her. I sometimes blame myself for making you two get married. At that time, neither Nora nor I knew you had already had a girlfriend. She had had a crush on you for a long time. When she was going to marry you, she had the happiest smile I had ever seen on her face. 
　　“I have heard from your mother that your girlfriend went back these days. I hope things are going well. I still remembered that Nora said she wanted to be your eyes.” said Mrs. Hill.
　　Mentioning “eyes”, Mrs. Hill stopped talking and stared at Steward’s eyes. Her eyes gradually turned red.
　　“What’s the matter, Mrs. Hill?” asked Steward.
　　“Out of no reason, I felt sad when I saw your eyes...”
　　Steward was shocked and his face turned pale. He remembered what Mia said to him.
　　He tried his best to stay calm and said goodbye to Mrs. Hill. When he got into his car, he called Leo.
　　“Find out who donated the cornea to me.” said Steward.
　　Leo did not reply immediately but kept silent for a while. Steward realized that Leo might have already known the answer to this question.
　　“Why aren't you talking, Leo?” he scolded him and his heart started beating faster.
　　“Mr. Mandel, I know where your cornea came from.” Leo replied and he did not expect Steward to ask this question so soon. 
　　Leo took a deep breath and what he was going to say plunged Steward into the dark depths of despair, “It was from Mrs. Mandel,” 
　　“Totally nonsense!”
　　Steward’s face was distorted by surprise. He could barely breathe.
　　He could not believe what he was told. He thought Mia was lying, Leo was lying, and the whole world was lying to him.
　　Leo saw through Steward’s pain of losing Mrs. Mandel. Sometimes, he thought Mr. Mandel deserved it while sometimes he felt worried about Mr. Mandel.
　　If Mr. Mandel really hated Mrs. Mandel, he wouldn’t be so painful right now. 
　　All these showed that Mr. Mandel loved Mrs. Mandel.
　　So this time, he had to tell the truth to Mr. Mandel.
　　“I overheard outside the operating room that Mrs. Mandel donated both her cornea and kidney. If you do not believe me, you can ask the doctor who did the surgery for Mrs. Mandel.”
　　“So where is she right now? Where did she go after the surgery? I have to know where she is right now! Maybe she is hidden by Mia...”
　　“Mrs. Mandel died. I heard her doctor saying she was in cardiac arrest.
　　 Every word of Leo, like a knife, cut him through his heart. He did not know what to do. He could only feel the pain.
　　“You are lying, all of you are lying...”
　　Steward hung up the phone and his eyes started aching.
　　His eye doctor told him to have a healthy diet and use electronic devices less. He should use his eyes less and have a stable mood in order to help him to get better recovery.
　　But he just couldn’t stop himself from crying. His eyes were burning.
　　He rarely cried even if he had a car accident two years ago. He could not imagine there would be one day when his tears were uncontrollable like a faucet.
　　He paid a private detective to find out where Mia lived.
　　And he also went straight to the hospital to find Nora’s doctor.
　　“Oh, I remember Nora. She was a pretty woman. I feel very sorry for her,” the expert took out Nora’s X-ray and explained to Steward, “she had a malignant tumour and the surgery had a low success rate.”


####novel####Chapter 15 Someone important needed taht cornea
　　"That's why she hadn't chosen to do the surgery. But even if she could live for a longer period of time, the cancer would bring her great pain that a normal person could hardly bear. She would sometimes have a heavy headache and a more serious situation was that she would not be able to walk. The pain was so unpredictable." 
　　"She had come here several times, alone every time. She once asked me whether she would be able to have a baby considering her health. I told her it was nearly impossible. There was little chance that she could have a baby and her pregnancy would make the situation worse."
　　"Since that, she had not come to me anymore. She signed the donation paper before she left and said she was willing to donate anything except her cornea for someone important needed that cornea."
　　After saying all these, the doctor pushed his glasses up his nose, asking with care, "Are you her family? How's Nora now?"
　　The doctor didn't expect to see the ugly look on Steward's face.   
　　It seemed as if it was he that was diagnosed with brain cancer.
　　Steward walked out of the hospital, with feelings of emptiness and panic.
　　The sun set and his eyes prickled and turned red.   
　　For him, today was supposed to be a good day because he fully recovered. But he did not feel happy because he was worried about Nora. 
　　He did not have lunch and dinner because he did not want to eat anything.
　　Steward called Professor James and was told again it was Nora that donated her cornea to him.
　　Professor James said, "Supposedly, a live organ transplant was not allowed but your wife kept begging me for doing the surgery. And she asked me to move up the surgery one day." 
　　Steward closed his eyes and his voice broke, "How was Nora after the surgery?"
　　Professor recalled for a while and said, "After getting her cornea, I went straight to your operating room so I don't know anything more about Nora."
　　Steward thought it was not bad news and he was a little bit relieved. He pretended to be calm.
　　When he was about to hang up the phone, Professor James said, "Mr. Mandel, Mrs. Mandel's ring is till in my place. It was taken from her fingers before the surgery. Since I can not get in touch with her, I think you should come and get it." 
　　The wedding ring...
　　Steward looked down at his fingers. He had already lost his wedding ring.
　　He remembered that their wedding rings were not even picked out by himself but Leo did this for him. He had thought that the ring was big but meant nothing to him. 
　　He went to visit Professor James and took back Nora's wedding ring.
　　He knew that she had been wearing that for two years.
　　He cared about nothing but Nora treasured all the stuff such as their marriage certificate, and her wedding ring.  
　　Steward put the wedding ring in his pocket. Seeing the beautiful night and the hustle and bustle of the world, he did not know what to do and where to go.
　　He tried to recall what he would do at night two years ago when he was able to see the world.
　　He would be still at work or drinking at the club. "So I'll go to have some drinks." he thought.
　　He called Gabriel and said, "Gabriel, I am in the street of Bolan. Come here and have some drinks."
　　Without saying anything more, Steward hung up the phone and did not give him a chance to say no. 
　　Gabriel was staring at the phone and really wanted to pretend he did not hear what Steward had said.  
　　Gabriel thought, "Steward was always so willful. How could Nora stand him?"
　　The street of Bolan was one of the most famous streets in Alexandria with many lively clubs. After nightfall, the exuberant life started.
　　When he arrived, Gabriel found Steward lying on the booth with an indifferent look, surrounded by many hot girls. He did not have a word with these girls but kept drinking all the time. The whole club was immersed in the feeling of joyfulness except Steward. 
　　Because of his pretty face and expensive suits, some women came and flirted with him and some kept staring at him. 


####novel####Chapter 16 I had got all I wanted. But...
　　"You have just recovered but why do you come to the club?" Gabriel pushed those girls away and sat near Steward, saying, "Is it because you are single now?" 
　　The girls around Gabriel started to have interests in him. 
　　Gabriel wanted to hold his breath because he could not stand the heavy smells of perfumes of those women. He wondered how Steward could be able to stand these smells. 
　　What's more, those women wore heavy make-ups and looked unnatural. He did not have interest at all and not even wanted to see them.   
　　Gabriel had a sudden thought. His head fell on Steward's shoulder and said to him with a sissy voice, "Oh my dear, how could you leave me alone and drink yourself?"    
　　After hearing this, the women around frowned and started to realize why Steward kept an indifferent look on his face and showed no interest in them. Because he was gay!
　　"This is not a gay club!" one woman said.
　　"Are there any rules about that?" Gabriel held Steward's hands and stayed closer to him.
　　Those women rolled their eyes and finally left.
　　Steward pushed Gabriel away and said, "I don't know you can act!"
　　"I know that worked in this situation," Gabriel took a fruit plate and had a piece of watermelon.
　　Almost half of the fruit was eaten, Gabriel asked, "Are you celebrating your recovery?"
　　"There's nothing worth celebrating!"
　　"You've got all you wanted and come back to where you were two years ago. You regained your sight; Ann has come back; Your wife... Nora had left. It's only two years for you to return where you wanted to start," said Gabriel. 
　　Steward smiled and kept drinking one glass after another. He wondered why he was still sober.
　　He hadn't drunk so much for a long time but how could he become better at drinking? 
　　When Nora wanted to stop him from drinking to much, she smiled and said as if she was flirting with him, "If you get too drunk, I will do anything I want to you..."
　　Steward couldn't help thinking of Nora.
　　Steward shook his head and tried not to think of Nora again. His eyes were a little empty and sad. 
　　"You are right! I've got all I want. You are right. But could you tell me why I am still sad?" Steward said to Gabriel.
　　Gabriel immediately asked Steward on purpose, "I also want to know why! Shouldn't you throw a big party to celebrate your recovery... However, I think you should drink less for your eyes' good." 
　　Hearing eyes, Steward was caught by a sudden pain in his heart. He put the glass down and his face turned pale as the light flickered.  
　　It seemed that what he had drunk was not alcohol but poison. His whole body ached.
　　"I had thought that I would not care about her and did not feel a thing even if she died before me. But that's not true..." said Steward. 
　　Even if she denied, Nora had left her footprints in his life.
　　He had known her for more than two years.
　　After marriage, Steward wouldn't have sex with her and they slept in their own rooms.
　　But Nora insisted that she should take care of him and she slept on the floor in his room.
　　What's more, she often crawled into his bed while he was sleeping. She was huddling on the edge of the bed so sometimes she would fall to the floor. 
　　In most cases, she could not help touching his face but always failed. Because every time she reached out, he would unconsciously push her away and seize her fingers.
　　He was so rude. Sometimes he would seize her hands tightly to make her hurt and sometimes push her off the bed.
　　But she never gave up and always approached him on the bed. She felt satisfied when staying with him.
　　Gabriel asked, "Did you regret having a divorce with Nora?"
　　"I did not know she had brain cancer and was in great pain until today," Steward confided his sadness to Gabriel. 
　　He needed someone to tell him that Nora was still alive.
　　While hearing, Gabriel felt more sorry for Nora. He clenched his fists and his nails made him feel the pain.    
　　"In fact, I didn't like Ann much. The reason why I chased her to the airport years ago was that I wanted my parents to know I was not interested in arranged marriage. I had always treated Nora as my childhood playmate, so I did not expect her to marry me. So, at that time, I was annoyed and wanted her to know I was not willing to marry her," explained Steward.


####novel####Chapter 17 You guys are meant to be together
　　"But you forced her to donate her kidney to Ann. I just don't understand why Nora owed Ann?" Gabriel was very angry now and could not believe Steward had done so many stupid things to Nora.
　　But Gabriel was more worried about Nora. He did not know whether she was alive or dead.
　　"Please tell me she is still alive. She can't be dead..." Steward begged Gabriel because he wanted someone to tell him Nora had not died.
　　But Gabriel's words, like a sharp knife, kept hurting him instead of comforting him. Steward felt he was pushed into a deeper abyss. 
　　"Even if she was still alive, what could she do when she had lost her sight and kidney? Steward, how could you be so merciless to a woman!" Gabriel questioned Steward. 
　　Gabriel felt guilty. He had not given any help to Nora. He was such a jerk and behaved like an accomplice.
　　He knew all that Steward did to Nora but he hadn't stopped or even persuaded him. He only once said to Nora, telling her to give up.
　　If he could travel back in time, he would say to her, "Give up on Steward. He does not deserve you and you deserve a happy life."
　　Steward covered his eyes with his hands. He did not want to see anything and he would rather stay in the dark.
　　"I will give the cornea back to Nora! I will give it back to her! I will go to the hospital to ask the doctor to take the cornea off my eyes," Steward murmured and his eyes turned red.
　　"You are losing your mind! Steward!" Gabriel thumped a fist at him and yelled in order to make him stay calm, "Nora had died! Are you going to make her disappointed in you?"   
　　"I don't believe you. She had not died!" Steward wanted to give Gabriel a fist back, but he failed.
　　But Gabriel managed to give him another fist.
　　Their fight caused the security guards to come and Gabriel said to them, "Leave us alone! It is none of your business!" 
　　The manager also asked the security guards to leave for he had recognized these two were VIP guests of their club though they hadn't come here for two years. The manager once talked with Steward and thought of him as a family guy. 
　　Gabriel approached Steward and said slowly in his ear, "Listen! Nora died because of you! You'd better explain yourself to the Hills."
　　"Nonsense! She told me she had gone on a trip. I will show you her video." said Steward.
　　Steward sat up and couldn't wait to take his phone out of his pocket without wiping away the blood from his mouth. He showed the video that he got from Mrs. Hill to Gabriel. 
　　"I will not believe Nora's death until I see her in person. Nora must be very angry with me and she just doesn't want to see me," said Steward.
　　After seeing the video, Gabriel became more convicted of Nora's death.
　　Steward's phone was ringing and that call was from...
　　After seeing the caller ID, Gabriel sneered at Steward who was lying on the couch in a dazed state, "You guys are really meant to be with each other."  
　　At the hospital. 
　　Ann, wearing her robe, walked out of the bathroom. Seeing Steward lying on the bed, she wore a triumphant look.
　　Two years ago, she had already known that she would never be accepted by the Mandels. So she received the money from Steward's mother and promised her she would never come back. She knew how to play hard to get.   
　　As she had expected, Steward couldn't forget her. He chased her to the airport two years ago; he forced Nora to donate a kidney to her. Ann believed that Steward was the man who loved her most in the world. 
　　Even if Steward drank so much, he had not gone wild and vomited. He was lying on the bed quietly. 
　　Ann approached him and lay near him. She stared at his handsome face and said, "Steward..."
　　Steward was still in a daze and he felt like a woman was approaching him, moving carefully. Thinking of Nora, he smiled unconsciously and murmured, "Now I am drunk, you can do anything you want to me... I will never push you away and never hurt you again. I want you to be with me..."


####novel####Chapter 18 Some similar words hurt
　　Ann was very delighted to hear that and she lay her body on his chest, starting to touch his body.
　　Steward frowned because he noticed that the perfume did not smell like Nora...
　　He immediately pushed Ann away and was about to vomit.
　　Ann did not expect Steward to push her and believed it was all because of the alcohol. She decided to take off her robe... 
　　The next morning, before Steward opened his eyes, he had a great headache.
　　When he was in the club with Gabriel, he kept drinking and now he had a strong hangover. 
　　He stretched himself and froze when he realized that there was a naked woman in his arms... 
　　Steward pushed her away as if the woman before him was a monster.
　　Seeing Ann naked, he changed his countenance and said in surprise, "Why are you here?"
　　He took a look at himself and luckily found that he was clothed.
　　Steward remembered that he was with Gabriel last night but how come he was in bed with Ann who was naked? Damn it! He could not remember anything.
　　Ann stared at him with innocent eyes and said, "You were drunk and Gabriel asked me to send you to the hotel."
　　Last night, Gabriel helped her to move Steward to the bed and left without saying anything. 
　　It was obvious that Gabriel had no problem with them being together. 
　　Steward looked livid and thought, "What the hell was Gabriel doing?"
　　Ann held his hands and tried to lure him with her plump body, saying, "Steward, since we are both single, we can be together again."
　　But then she thought, "Why did he always avert his eyes? I was bold enough to attract him. Did I mean nothing to him?"   
　　She was on her knees on the bed with her arms around his neck, saying with sexual attraction, "We missed each other the past two years...and we had the best sex with each other..." 
　　Steward was a man but she did not turn him on at all.
　　All of a sudden, Steward thought of Nora's body. She was very skinny with a slim waist. 
　　Thinking of Nora, Steward, uncontrollably, put his hands on Ann's waist. When he touched the scar left from the surgery, his hands couldn't stop shaking. 
　　Nora's kidney was in her body!
　　Ann felt his touch and asked, "Do you think this scar is ugly? Later I am going to remove it."
　　Steward realized Ann was such a selfish woman and pushed her away. 
　　In his eyes, no matter how beautiful Ann's body was, she was ugly inside. 
　　"You had uremia. Is that true?" asked Steward.
　　"Did you know about this?" Ann was pushed to the bed with a guilty look on her face.
　　Steward clenched his fists and then unclenched.
　　Why couldn't he trust Nora's words at that time? How could he believe whatever Ann said without asking Leo to find out the truth?
　　He was such a jerk. Nora had already told him the truth and he did not believe her and even pushed her in the dark depths of despair.
　　"Dear, I did not mean to cheat you. At that time, only Nora's kidney matched for me but I knew she wouldn't donate it. I did not want to die. There was no time for me! I wanted to be alive and come back to you, Steward!"
　　"And Nora was the reason why we had to be separate for the past two years. She owed me!"
　　Ann cried and saw a livid and indifferent look on his face. Why didn't he comfort and forgive her as she had expected?   
　　"Does he really love Nora?" Ann thought.
　　Steward coldly watched her clown-like performance, and suddenly remembered that he had said something similar to Nora. He once said to her, "You owed her. You are the reason why she had to leave me. You deserve all this!"    
　　He had the nerve to say that to Nora! Hearing similar words made him feel very guilty!
　　He felt helpless and asked while knowing the answer, "Why didn't you come back when Nora went to you two years ago?" 


####novel####Chapter 19 He wanted to make it up to her
　　“Because I did not want to be involved in your marriage.” Ann looked down and was afraid that Steward knew the real reason why she had left him.
　　“Are you telling the truth? Didn’t you know Nora and I hadn’t got married at that time?” Steward sneered at her and did not know why he kept questioning her. He had already known the truth. 
　　He did not love her much and she had been cheating him for a long time. But the woman who really loved him got really hurt because of him and Ann.   
　　He remembered Nora left him for a period of time after he had the car accident. At that time, he thought Nora had changed her mind and did not want to marry him. However, when she appeared before him again, she said firmly she wanted to marry him.
　　“Steward, let me be your eyes and take me to your heart!” said Nora as a mature woman but not his childhood playmate.
　　Steward did not remember what he had replied to her. He was very upset and totally lost his temper. He did not take any medicine on purpose at that time and vented his rage on her.
　　Now, he thought, he was going to make it up to Nora. He believed he'd got time.
　　He said to Ann, “You, don’t deserve what Nora had given you. You must give it back.”
　　Looking at his gloomy face, Ann was a little bit frightened and started to be worried about her new kidney.
　　“No, you can’t do this to me... The kidney will be a waste if it is taken away from my body. I am sure Nora doesn’t want her kidney to be useless.” begged Ann. 
　　“I know that. Remember, take care of her kidney and one day come to her, making amends for your selfishness,” said Steward coldly. 
　　Steward rearranged his collar and walked out of the door. He must find Nora and beg for her forgiveness.
　　After he arrived home, he took a shower and then drove his car to his parents’ house.
　　On the way, he gave a call to Gabriel and swore with a lot of bad words. Gabriel did not care but carried on by snorting, “How were your feelings when together with your former lover? Steward, I am going to persuade Mrs. Mandel to accept Ann. You’d better try your best to make Ann pregnant so that you guys are more likely to get married.”   
　　“You shut up! It is none of your business!” yelled Steward.
　　Steward hung up the phone. What Gabriel said reminded him of Nora’s baby. He felt more anxious and wanted to know how she was doing.
　　When he arrived at his parents’ house, his mother was still angry at his divorce from Nora.
　　She sneered at him, “A surprise seeing you here.”
　　Steward seldom came back to his parents’ home since he got married. Two months ago, he and Nora went back for dinner and at that time she thought they had gotten closer and Steward was finally moved by Nora.
　　But since they had gotten divorced, she had little hope of their marriage. She would still treat Nora as her daughter.
　　As for Steward, she was very disappointed in him.
　　“Mom, did Nora contact you these days?” asked Steward.
　　His mother thought for a while. Looking at his worn-out face, she said, “Did you lose touch with her? She must be avoiding you! That’s a good thing. Since she is single again, I am going to set her up on great dates.” 
　　Steward frowned and became more worried about Nora. She did not tell anything to his mother. But she used to have a close relationship with her. 
　　Nora must be very angry at him so she didn’t want to have anything to do with him.
　　Steward stood as if without a soul. After seeing this, Mrs. Mandel said to him with a cold face, “Since you had recovered, go back to the company to share your father’s burden so that he could spend more time with me. Did you hear me? Steward! Steward!” 
　　Steward, with a pale face, walked out of the gate without hearing anything around him. He received a call from the private detective, “Mr. Mandel, I had found out Mia's address. She lived in Building No.3, Oak Avenue.”
　　He arrived at Mia’s place soon and before knocking on the door, he took a deep breath.
　　Mia thought it was the deliveryman so she opened the door without asking. When she realized that it was Steward, it was too late to close the door.


####novel####Chapter 20 He could not imagine how painful she was
　　“Get out of here! You are not welcomed!” said Mia.
　　Steward walked straight into the room, deaf to Mia’s words. He started saying in a loud voice, “Nora! I know you are here. Please let me see you! I want to say something to you!”
　　Mia’s house was about a hundred square meters. He looked for her in all the three bedrooms but found nothing. He even checked the closet.
　　Mia sneered at him, “You haven’t searched under the bed.”
　　“What should I do so you can let me see her?” asked Steward.
　　“She was not here! Steward, I could not see her anymore because of you!”
　　Neither of the two people were willing to take a step backward. Steward decided to stay here until Mia told him where Nora was since he had a lot of time. 
　　Mia took out a white-and-black photo of Nora and prayed for her, “May she rest in peace.”   
　　Steward could not believe Nora had died and he thought Mia was lying to him so he took the photo and threw it on the floor.
　　“Stop playing tricks with me! I will not believe you until I see her in person. I will find her even if you don’t tell me!” said Steward.
　　He was not satisfied with this result and he strode away.
　　He was afraid he could not breathe. He regretted throwing her photo and the smashed photo was like his broken heart. He really missed Nora.
　　Steward asked the detective, “Keep an eye on Mia. I want to know every place she goes to.”
　　But the following days, Mia lived a normal life without going to any special places. 
　　“Mia led a regular life. She went to her own restaurant and the gym every day. On weekends, she worked as a volunteer to take care of the animals in the shelter in the suburbs,” said the detective. 
　　“Anything else?” asked Steward.
　　“These days, she only went to these places.” replied the detective.
　　Steward could not believe and he finally asked, “Had she gone to the cemetery?” 
　　“No.”
　　It was good news for Steward.
　　He really hoped that he could find her one day. He was really worried about her.
　　After gaining sight, Steward thought his life had gotten worse. Sometimes he could not control his emotions. He would rather return to the time when he was blind, at least everything was in order.
　　And at least Nora was still with him...
　　He got a call from Leo, “Mr. Mandel, when will you come back to the company? Your father said he wanted you to help him run the company.”
　　“I won’t come back these days,” said Steward, “ By the way, tear off the divorce paper.”
　　“What?”
　　“I am not going to have a divorce. Are you clear?”
　　Leo stayed in silence and thought, “what’s the difference?”
　　He said to Steward, “Mr. Mandel, before the surgery, Mrs. Mandel had gotten really sick.”
　　Steward was holding tight to the steering wheel and he realized he had known this too late. 
　　But he carried on asking Leo, “How did you know about this?” 
　　“Did you remember when Ms. Edith appeared in front of the gate of your house? 
　　At that time, I found Mrs. Mandel was in great pain and kept hitting her head hard on the ground. I will never forget what she did that day.”
　　Steward was pretty shocked by Leo’s words that reminded him of what Ann said.
　　“Nora did not hit her head, but why does she make people believe she has a bad headache?”
　　He could not imagine how painful it was to hit her head on the ground.
　　“Why didn't you tell me?!”
　　Leo replied sadly, “Will you care about her more if I had told you the truth?” 
　　After hearing this, Steward felt he was totally exhausted. He could not hold his phone in his hand. And then he slumped dejectedly over the steering wheel and got his breath back.
　　It seemed that there were some invincible needles in the air so every time he took a breath, his lungs started prickling. 
　　He had said so many hurtful things to her.
　　“I will never agree to it even if I die...”
　　“It is none of my business. I will divorce you anyway.”
　　“I have gotten really sick and have few days left for me.”
　　“ How long could you live?”
　　Those words that were supposed to hurt her at that time made him overwhelmed with grief and sadness now.


####novel####Chapter 21 He will never be alright
　　Steward drove fast to the Hill’s.
　　Mrs. Hill was surprised to see him because he hadn’t come so frequently since they got married two years ago. He was more anxious and worried than the last time she saw him.
　　Mrs. Hill said to him with caring, “Steward, you have just recovered. You should keep your eyes healthy.”     
　　Steward was almost moved to tears and asked Mrs. Hill, “Has Nora called you these days?”
　　“Yes, she also sent me some photos of her.”
　　“Has she called?” Steward thought.
　　When he saw the photo of Nora standing by a river abroad, he was very happy to know she was still alive. Immediately, he saved the photos on his phone. 
　　He had already invited the most famous brain surgeon to Alexandria. Now he couldn’t wait to find her back.
　　He was worried about Nora staying alone abroad. What if the cancer suddenly came back? 
　　Recalling what Leo said, Steward felt more guilty.
　　He talked with Mrs. Hill for a while. When he was about to say goodbye to her, a little white dog ran to him with its tongue sticking out. 
　　Its forelimbs were healthy but its hind limbs were connected with a pet scooter.
　　When the dog saw Steward, it seemed that it was afraid of him and it turned around, running away.
　　Mrs. Hill smiled at him and said, “It looks like this dog is scared of you. Maybe you are too serious .” 
　　Steward's mind was mixed with different feelings. No wonder this dog looked a little familiar to him.
　　It was that “noisy” dog he brought home to annoy Nora. It hadn’t died and was sent by Nora to her parents’ house.
　　“Nora brought it back after it had the car accident. Luckily, it had not died but was paralyzed. Though it was disabled it had good habits. It won’t pee everywhere. I just need to take off its scooter. A very good dog!” said Mrs. Hill.  
　　“It indeed is a good dog,” said Steward.
　　Steward thought, “I was such a jerk.” 
　　He sent the photos of Nora saved on his phone to a friend abroad and asked for his help to find Nora.
　　His friend called soon, “Hey, Bro. Are you kidding me? The photo you had sent me was photoshopped.”
　　Steward was surprised about that and he asked in a sad voice, “Are you sure about that?”
　　“I am pretty sure about that. The picture was photoshopped. But it indeed looks very real.”  
　　“How come? She called her family.”
　　“It’s not difficult to do that if you have the voice changer,” said his friend.
　　Photoshop, voice changer...
　　Steward used his hands to cover his head. His heart was broken.  
　　“I don’t believe this. Nora couldn’t be dead. I don’t believe...” Steward thought, “Nora, I don’t love you. I don’t want to care about you. Don’t you try to influence me. Everything was going back to the starting point two years ago. I hadn’t lost anything...”
　　At that time, he was driving his car, so carelessly that he almost got in an accident.
　　He went to the villa where he and Nora lived for two years. He would never call it “home” two years ago but now he unconsciously saw it as his home. Now, his home was so quiet and cold like a grave. He could hear his own breath.
　　He went off the car. Last time, at the same place, he slapped her because of Ann and put her into an abyss of despair.   
　　Crouching down, Steward touched the hard stone floor with his eyes turning red.
　　He kept telling himself that he should keep his eyes healthy since Nora gave her cornea to him. But his eyes couldn’t help watering. 
　　His tears fell on his hand and he started to raise his hand and slammed it hard against the floor, eager to smash it.
　　The security guards were so surprised by his action and they helped him up.
　　“Are you alright? Mr. Mandel?” said the security guards. “Calm down, everything will be alright!”
　　Steward ignored them and walked into the room.
　　“He will never be alright. He lost someone he loved forever...” he thought.
　　He did not turn on the light. It seemed that he had already been accustomed to the dark. He closed his eyes and went upstairs, murmuring, “I had been such a bad guy but why did you still donate your cornea to me? Are you a silly woman?”


####novel####Chapter 22 A diary book in her room
　　He went straight into Nora’s room. Though he had been blind for the last two years, the villa was decorated to his liking, in a style of simplicity and frigidity.  
　　But her room was filled with all kinds of stuffed animals. There were also an animal-shaped sofa, many tiny lights, and beautiful hangings.  
　　“Like a little girl,” thought Steward.
　　He imagined in his mind that her little body hugged the huge stuffed animal.  
　　In her room, he could still smell Nora. He took a slow breath and closed the window.
　　Seeing that the blood stains on his hands had stained the window, he hurriedly took out the tissue to wipe it clean, and then went to the bathroom to wash off the remaining blood on his hands. He searched for the gauze in the medicine box, and then put it around his hands.  
　　The gauze was prepared by Nora but he did not use it once.
　　She took care of him very well and he seldom got hurt. 
　　He suddenly noticed that there was a diary book beside the pillow but it was locked by a small lock. His sanity told him not to open it but finally he opened the notebook.         
　　On the flyleaf, she wrote, “If one day I forget him, please help me remember.” with a smile after that.
　　It seemed that those words were written recently. 
　　He kept reading and found out that she started writing this diary book after their engagement.
　　“Today, mommy told me the big news. I was almost screaming when I heard that. It had always been my dream to be together with Steward! My dream will soon come true. Mom told me that Steward would like me and I was like, “Of course he will. I am so cute and lovely.” But I did not speak that out. I want Steward to love me.”
　　“When Steward came back from abroad, I was going to study abroad. So I hadn’t seen him for like seven or eight years. I imagined how he would react to my appearance. Maybe he would be surprised about my change. I am no longer that little girl who always chased him. So before I saw him, I dressed up and daddy even made fun of me because of that.”
　　 “How could I think Steward would love me? My dream finally turned out to be a nightmare. He looked at me coldly and I was afraid to face him. I had been so silly. Even if we had been staying with each other for the last seven or eight years, it did not mean he would like me. It is a very sad thing when someone you love does not love you back.” 
　　“Steward’s girlfriend left. He chased her eagerly and had a car accident on the way to the airport. When I was sitting outside the operating room, I was thinking that Steward did not do anything wrong but why he would end up like this. I kept thinking about this until my head started to ache. Why didn’t he love me back?”   
　　“I went to Sebroiria to beg Ann to come back and I even knelt down before her. I explained to her a hundred times that Steward did not betray her but she was indifferent. Before I came back, I decided to persuade her again but what I saw was that she was wearing her wedding dress and holding hands with another guy, walking out of the church. It was so difficult for me to just be separate from Steward but how could Ann give up on him so easily?”   
　　“Steward decided to marry me! After we got registered, I still could not believe we had gotten married. I was staring at the photo on the marriage certificate and couldn’t stop smiling. Gabriel saw my silly smile but I did not care. I wanted everyone in the world to know how happy I was.”


####novel####Chapter 23 I wish I were...
　　“I would be happy just by staying with Steward. When he got mad at me and kept making troubles, I would not be annoyed by him. The things I was most scared to see was that he did not have any feelings and felt disappointed in everything. I love him so much that I would do anything for him to make him happy.” 
　　“It is said that it takes about 21 days to develop a habit but how long does it take to get rid of a habit? I have been with Steward for many 21-days. If I leave him one day, would he miss me just a little bit? But I dare not to leave him because I am afraid that the result is not what I want.”  
　　 “The dog is very naughty but I still like it very much. Maybe it's because neither of us are loved. Steward might give up on me one day. When this little dog develops good habits, it will be accepted by its new owner. But what am I supposed to do? It is so difficult for me to love someone else.”
　　“The little dog had an accident and it hurt badly. I was not sure whether it could survive this accident since it was so little. When it was staring at me with its innocent eyes, its body trembling in blood, I was desperate but didn’t know what to do to help it.”
　　“I knew that Steward brought this little naughty dog to annoy me on purpose and sometimes I was indeed annoyed by its peeing everywhere. Actually, I was in despair already and he didn’t need to use a dog to annoy me. Since we got married, I was only supported by the past memories.” 
　　“I asked myself when I started to like Steward. My answer was when I was falling from a tree, he caught me without consideration but led to his broken wrist. At that moment, I thought of him as my knight. Maybe now he had regretted saving me.” 
　　“I had been loving Steward since I was little but he never loved me back. Maybe one day, I will have no feelings for him anymore. I hope that day would never come or at least come in my old age.” 
　　“I would not be able to live my old age. I am dying. I thought God was joking with me. I would rather at that time Steward had not caught me and let me die.”
　　“Even if Steward did not want my cornea but I still wanted to give it to him. I wanted to be part of him even I die.” 
　　“My head is aching and I want to hit my head on the wall. I should have died when I was little so I wouldn’t get hurt so badly.”
　　When making the chicken soup, I couldn't help but vomit blood in the pot. I dumped the soup in the trash and said in silence, “I am sorry to make this a waste.”
　　“If I can exchange my life with someone else, I wish I were Ann for one day. In this way, Steward would smile at me sincerely and call me 'dear'. I would touch his face and lean against his chest, not afraid of being pushed away. Since we got married, I had never felt being loved.”  
　　“Steward treated me as a stranger. He had not taken any medicine for two years just to torture me. How could he stand the darkness for so long? Why didn’t he take medicine so he can recover and be together with Ann again? At that moment, I realized that he didn’t even treasure our childhood friendship. I have been carrying a torch for him for so many years. I started to doubt whether those memories were real or not. I was such a fool.”
　　“The plum wine I brewed has been buried under that osmanthus tree for almost two years. When I leave, I will take it with me. Hopefully I'll find its place.”
　　The diary ended.
　　Steward sat on the bed, his body unconsciously curling up. The diary was held tightly in his arms, as if he was hugging Nora.
　　On his handsome face, his eyes were watering unstoppably.


####novel####Chapter 24 "I miss you, Nora."
　　“Nora, please come to see me! I want to know you are still alive.”
　　“I don’t want you to die and I don't want your cornea.”
　　“Not until now have I known what you have been through...”
　　Steward had realized that he loved Nora but it was too late.
　　He had already lost her.
　　He was attacked by a sudden great pain and his face turned pale. He felt like a sharp weapon was keeping stabbing him.  
　　This house carried most of their memories after their marriage, but he couldn't find any good ones. In his eyes, the house was dark and lonely.
　　Steward said in silence to Nora, “I don’t know when I started to love you but now I know clearly I have lost you for good.”
　　“If I had known you would leave me after the surgery, I would rather stay in the darkness forever.” 
　　Steward cried with one hand holding the diary book and the other hand reaching out. He could catch nothing.
　　He had a lot of things to tell her and he was begging to see her in his dreams.
　　He finally fell asleep but there was no sight of Nora in his dreams. He had a light sleep and couldn’t sleep again after waking up. So he was keeping his eyes open and waited for the dawn.
　　When the room became bright, Steward placed the diary book back to where he found it. He washed his face in cold water and then walked to the yard.
　　He was carefully digging under the osmanthus tree until he found the plum wine buried by Nora.
　　Steward, holding the green jar in his hands, walked into the house. He knocked on the mouth of the jar sealed by earth little by little.
　　He gently lifted the lid and the air was soon filled with an intoxicating smell.
　　He immediately covered the jar with the lid because he wanted to keep its good smell. 
　　Slowly lowering his head, he pressed his cheek to the jar, and closed his eyes to imagine that it was Nora who had dug it out by hand.
　　Finally, he decided to pour it in a small bowl.
　　Looking at the clear wine in the bowl, Steward seemed to see Nora's smiling face. 
　　“I miss you, Nora.”
　　He tasted it carefully, and tried to kept this taste in his mind for the rest of his life.
　　Returning to the family business, Steward took over his father’s work quickly. In fact, during the past two years when he was blind, he had made many big decisions for the company.
　　His father could finally spend more time with his mother travelling around. 
　　Steward was so busy at his work that he sometimes had little time having meals with his parents. 
　　His father used to be mad at Steward fooling around all day but now he started to worry about him when he saw Steward work so hard. 
　　He cleared his throat and asked, "Steward, are you going to be celibate forever?" 
　　Steward did not reply and everything tasted like sawdust to him.
　　No matter how delicious the meal was, he could not be able to enjoy the delicacy of the food as if he had lost his palate. 
　　He had never tasted what Nora made for him but now even if he wanted to, he couldn’t eat it.   
　　His father added, "I know you did not get back with your former girlfriend since you divorced..."
　　Steward paused for a while and said seriously, "There was no divorce." 
　　“I thought you had already got divorced,” said his mother.
　　Since Nora left, his mother thought Steward had made a bad decision. 
　　“We hadn’t got divorced legally. I had torn the divorce paper off.”
　　 “Is it because you finally found Nora was a good girl? Did you regret what you had done to her? What a pity! Nora had already decided to leave you. I hope she has a good time abroad.” Steward’s mother sneered at him.
　　Steward’s eyes turned red. “One day, they will all know about Nora’s death,” he thought.
　　Even if he kneels down before the Hills and begs for forgiveness, he could not bring Nora back.
　　If he could exchange his life for Nora’s, he would die immediately without blinking an eye.
　　His father felt an aura of sadness and loneliness around Steward, and he gave his wife a jog, “Please stop talking about Nora.”    
　　Steward’s mother ignored him, and she thought Steward deserved it since he did not cherish Nora when she was still with him.
　　She still couldn’t forgive what her son had done to Nora.
　　“Dear, let’s go abroad to find Nora next time and have a good time with her.”  
　　“Do you know where she is?”
　　“No, I don’t know her place. I have lost touch with her for a while. I know she’s a good girl and I have treated her as my own daughter...” 
　　“Maybe she was afraid we are going to persuade her to get back with Steward.”
　　“I don’t know. She hadn’t texted me back. I would blame this on Steward!”
　　...
　　Steward put down the knife and fork. He should not have come back to his parent’s home for his parents always reminded him that Nora had left him.
　　He wanted to pretend that Nora was still alive and living somewhere in the world. Maybe she just didn't want to see him.


####novel####Chapter 25 I had already got my retribution
　　When he walked out of the door, it started to snow.
　　The winter had arrived and the end of this year was around the corner.
　　He got a call from the hospital and the doctor said Ann had a medical condition.
　　He immediately went to the school not because he still cared about Ann but he wanted Nora’s kidney could still work.
　　Even if the kidney was not in Nora’s body but it was still a part of Nora.
　　“What happened?” asked Steward.
　　Since he told Ann that he did not love her any more, he had kept an eye on her and did not allow her to leave Alexandria.
　　And he seriously told Ann what she could do and what she couldn’t in order to make sure Nora’s kidney in her body was healthy. She was not allowed to drink or stay up late. If Ann went to the bar at night, she would be taken out by the guards. She was also not allowed to see the movie premier in the early hours of morning.   
　　It’s all because Steward so cared about Nora’s kidney in Ann’s body.
　　But why did the health problem still arise?
　　The doctor said, “Ms Edith’s kidney is experiencing a rejection, and taking drugs has been useless. The transplanted kidney doesn’t work and now she has to rely on dialysis...”
　　Steward burst into a rage and almost lost his mind.
　　What the doctor said meant Nora’s kidney was wasted!
　　He took a step backward and could not believe what he had heard.
　　He was wondering, “If the kidney hadn't been taken away from her body, could Nora still be alive now?
　　But no one could give him an answer.   
　　Steward walked into the ward and looked at Ann who was at the moment crying. There was hatred and complaint in his eyes.
　　“The kidney did not belong to you. Even if you have got it by cheating, you will lose it anyway,” said Steward.
　　Ann froze and still did not think she was wrong. She didn’t want to die.
　　“I am sorry! It’s all my fault! I won’t cheat you guys again!” she shook her head in tears and begged, "Steward, please help me! I have no one to rely on! I'm still young and I don't want to die!” 
　　Now Ann was shrouded in the shadow of death, and she was afraid that one day dialysis couldn’t work.  
　　Steward gritted his teeth, "How can I help you? You have already got a kidney from Nora.” 
　　Ann sighed and sniffed, "Help me find another kidney..."
　　It’s not easy to find a suitable kidney. But Ann thought, with the power of the Mandel’s, she could find a suitable one and do the surgery in advance.
　　Or the illegal trading of kidney was another way.
　　Steward wore his cold face and the room was in silence.
　　Apparently, Ann didn’t feel guilty for what she had done to Nora. The reason she apologized before him was that she wanted him to help find a suitable kidney.
　　He wanted to accuse Ann of being shameless, but he remembered that he had also been so mean to Nora. 
　　For a thousand times, Steward wanted to go back to the past and give himself a heavy slap to stop hurting Nora.
　　He could not believe that he had said to Nora, “Human can still be alive with only one kidney.”
　　"That’s exactly what you deserve!" He scoffed and left Ann. At the same time he asked the guards outside the door to leave.
　　Ann started to scream. She knew that Steward had given upon on her.
　　She said, “It’s not fair. Not fair for me! You also hurt Nora and you are an accomplice! Why didn't you get your retribution?” 
　　Steward paused for a while and he started to clench his fists.
　　He murmured, “I had already got my retribution.”
　　It was still snowing. People on the street walked in down jackets, and their faces were frozen to red.
　　Steward stood by the window and he could smell the lingering disinfectant. He started to recall the doctor's words in his mind, "Although the cornea does not need to be matched, some people might still have a rejection after the surgery. But you have recovered very well and there’s no need for reexamination"
　　But the doctor didn’t know that he drank, stayed up late, and used his eyes excessively. All those things did harm to his eyes but he still got a pair of healthy eyes.
　　Oh, he was more likely to shed tears than before.
　　Sometimes he just couldn’t control himself and burst into tears that had been accumulated for a long time.
　　Steward smiled and said in a soft voice to Nora, “A crybaby.”


####novel####Chapter 26 He would hold her hands tightly
　　Nora always cried when she was a child. There was a time when she fell off the tree, although she was caught by him, she had cried for several hours. It seemed that the water in her body was all turned into her tears.
　　At first, he thought she was too scared but later he came to realize that the reason why she cried was his wrist broke.  
　　Steward was moved by Nora. 
　　But if she really fell down and got hurt, he believed she would cry for all day.
　　She always paid attention to him and worried about him.
　　He could not imagine how many times she cried when he had the car accident.
　　But she never cried before him during the two years of their marriage...
　　Steward walked in the snow, with the snowflakes piling on his body.
　　He did not wear the winter coat and some people on the street glanced back at him.
　　It’s not because he wanted to make himself look good but that since the person he loved left him, he was cold inside already.       
　　No matter what season he was in, he always felt cold.
　　If Nora was still with him, he would keep walking with her hand in hand till the end of the world.
　　He always imagined all kinds of scenes where he stayed with Nora.
　　If he had known his love for her earlier, and they restarted their life, wouldn't they have already been together and led a happy life?
　　Sometimes if you really care about a person, you might be afraid that time will pass by too quickly or too slowly. But as long as two people truly love each other, they will fear none.
　　If God gives him a chance to start again, he was willing to exchange everything for it.
　　The Christmas was around the corner.
　　On previous Christmas days, he and Nora would spend time together in the villa, because he hated the “noisy” world and preferred to stay in the house.
　　So she would be with him.
　　Nora would make a big meal for him and it smelled really good.
　　It was a pity that they were not close to each other. Even if they sat close to each other, they did not look like a family.
　　Steward thought, “What’s he supposed to do on every following Christmas?”
　　He was not accustomed to celebrating Christmas alone without Nora. 
　　These days he was like a walking dead.
　　He would rather have a cancer and leave the world.
　　He once planned to take his own life in a car accident. 
　　But he did not dare to do that.
　　Sometimes when he could not fall asleep, he would drink wine with sleeping pills. But when he had too many pills he would spit it out.
　　Steward wanted to fall into a deep sleep and meet Nora in his dream.
　　But why has he never dreamed of her once?
　　If he couldn’t fall asleep, he thought he might die.
　　He thought death from overwork would be more easily accepted by his parents, so he kept working all the time. Every time he wanted to take a nap, he would drink coffee.
　　Ironically, it’s not easy for a person to die.
　　On a Christmas day, Steward went to the Hills'.
　　This winter in Alexandria, it snowed many times. The whole world was covered with white snow.
　　That little dog was having fun on the grass and it was still unwilling to approach Steward.
　　Even the best dog food he brought could not attract it. It firmly refused the temptation but Steward could see the eagerness in its eyes.
　　Mrs. Hill took the food and placed it beside her. She started to wave at the dog and then the dog came over and buried its head in the food, wagging its tail.  
　　“I really want to know how Nora's doing abroad. She didn’t com back home for Christmas... We will never blame her on her divorce because we respect every decision she made. Steward, you don't have to come here to accompany us. It’s our fault to force you guys to get married without taking your opinions into consideration,” said Mrs. Hill.
　　Mrs. Hill smiled bitterly. How could she arrange marriage for these two people without making sure they love each other? Now she saw the results.
　　“I love Nora. I...” Steward looked down on the ground and his eyes filled with sadness. “I will wait for her to come back even if it would take my whole life.”
　　Mrs. Hill was surprised to hear that.
　　“Why did you change your mind? Do you really love Nora?”
　　“Yes, I love her. She is a great woman and I was too late to realize that.”
　　He said this sincerely and sadly. Seeing him, Mrs. Hill sighed and shook her head.

####novel####Chapter 27 I am no longer happy without you, Nora.
　　There were few people on the street.
　　Steward did not know what to do at home.He gave Gabriel a call,asking him to take a walk.But Gabriel refused and said he had a date with a hot girl.
　　“Is that your new girl friend?When will you introduce her to me?”asked Steward.
　　“She is not my girlfriend yet.I have to go,bye!”
　　Steward was thinking whom he should call next.
　　Two years ago,he was a player but now he seldom went out after two years of marriage.He looked young but he knew he was old inside.
　　He took Nora’s diary book beside him.He was familiar with every word in it but he read it again and again.He was supported by the words in the diary book.
　　Steward gently touched the book and smiled,“Maybe I could live without you but I am no longer happy without you,Nora.”
　　His phone rang and this call was a surprise.
　　He had already given up keeping an eye on Mia since he found she hadn’t done something special.So he did not expect to receive the call from that private detective.
　　“Mr Mandel,did you want to know something about Mia?I accidentally found she had a twin sister who had been taking care of a patient in Care Rite Home for half a year in Alexandria...”said the detective.
　　Steward was the most generous employer he had ever encountered in his career,so even after his work was done,he continued to keep an eye on Mia in order to get some useful information for him.
　　A twin sister,the nursing home,a patient...
　　After the call,Steward drove fast to Care Rite Home and his heart was beating really fast on the way.His eyes were flashing with hope.
　　When he arrived,he found it was a high-end nursing home with good facilities and good service.Most of the aged here were from rich families,so during Christmas,many of them were taken home by their children to have a family reunion.
　　Only a few people nestled together chatting in this big nursing home and only a few staff members were walking around.
　　A mid-aged nurse went by.Showing her a picture of Nora,Steward asked,“Excuse me,did you see this girl here?”
　　At first,the nurse was attracted by Steward’s handsome face.And then she looked at the picture carefully,thinking for a while,“She is now in the Room 409!Wow,she is so pretty when she put her make-up on!”
　　“Room 409?Are you sure about this?”asked Steward.
　　“Yes.But now she’s in a bad condition and looks not as pretty as before.She has been unconscious for a long time and we don’t know when she would wake up.”
　　“She was unconscious?”asked Steward.
　　“Yes,she has been in a vegetative state,”replied the nurse.
　　Steward got a little shocked but it’s still good news that Nora had not died.
　　Thank God!Now he’s got time to make a compensation for her.
　　The nurse thought he was Nora’s friend,so she led him toward the ward,chattering along the way.“It’s said that she had been unconscious since she had a brain surgery.Her condition is unclear.No one knows when she would regain her consciousness.She might leave the world in her dreams.I've also heard that a kidney had been taken out from her body.Alas,poor girl!How could she be treated like this?”added the nurse.
　　Steward clenched his fists tightly.If he was in a dream,he would stay in this dream forever because he was afraid to lose Nora again.
　　The nurse opened the door and Steward finally saw the girl in Room 409.She was lying in the bed without a sign of life.She was Nora,his wife.
　　“Nora...”
　　Steward held his breath and walked slowly toward Nora,he carefully held her skinny hands.


####novel####Chapter 28 Nora was like the rope for Steward
　　The heat was turned on in the room and there’s a humidifier at the corner so the air was not very dry.
　　“A girl called Mia has been taking care of her.She is her good friend and it’s so nice of her to take care of this girl for so long.”said the nurse.
　　“Mia lied to me,”thought Steward.
　　Steward now were mixed with different feelings.He felt regretful and also scared.If that private detective hadn’t told him about this,he would be unable to see her for a very long time.
　　But in his heart,he was grateful.He thanked God to make him see Nora again.
　　“Mia’s coming!”said the nurse.
　　When Mia walked into the room,she did not expect to see Steward in this place.
　　“Damn it,how did he find Nora?”Mia thought.
　　“Tracey,how could you let the stranger in?”said Mia with a gloomy face.
　　Tracey pointed at Nora and thought she had done nothing wrong,saying,“He had a picture of her so I thought he might be her friend.”
　　“I wanna say thank you to you,Tracey.”Steward smiled and held Nora’s hands more tightly,“I am not her friend.I am her husband.”
　　Tracey smiled,“Oh,I didn't expect this girl to have such a handsome husband.You seem very suited to each other!”
　　Mia smiled coldly and sneered at what Tracey said.
　　Steward was totally a jerk but only looked good.
　　Mia asked Tracey to leave and then she closed the door.She said,folding her arms,“What do you want?”
　　At that time,Steward was very excited too,“Thank you very much for saving Nora’s life.I will pay for all the cost!”
　　“We don’t need your money!”yelled Mia.
　　“Mia,listen to me.I am going to invite the best expert to Alexandria...”
　　Mia only shook her head and said in a desperate voice,“The success rate of her surgery was very low.I remembered that day when she had the surgery,her heart even stopped beating for a while.So the doctor had to take risks and do the brain surgery right away.Luckily,the doctor saved her life but she had been in vegetative state.I have always been waiting for a wonder.I really hope she will wake up one day.
　　Every time Mia called Mrs.Hill with a voice changer to pretend to be Nora,she felt very sad and guilty.It was a difficult thing to make Nora’s parents believe she’s still alive.
　　When Steward thought he had lost Nora forever,he almost lost his mind.So even if now Nora was in a vegetative state,he still hope she would regain consciousness one day.
　　"Since Nora didn't die,you shouldn’t have kept telling me that she had died.”
　　Hearing that,Mia became very mad at Steward and sneered at him,“Do you want to know why?Because of you,Nora was in such a bad situation now.I hope that silly and innocent Nora had died.You should never come here again for all these are not your business!”
　　Steward was not angered by Mia’s words.He pretended to hear nothing.
　　“You are wrong.Nora is still my wife.We only signed the divorce paper but I had already torn it off.I want to make a compensation for her.”
　　He thought he was about to fall down a cliff but the appearance of Nora was like the rope before him.He would do anything to hold that rope.He could do anything to help Nora regain her consciousness.
　　“A compensation?You could only make things worse!”Mia laughed at Steward.She looked at Nora who was still lying in the bed and felt worried about her very much.She said to Steward,“Though she was in a vegetative state now,she still has some feelings and she doesn’t want to see you now.”
　　After saying that,she questioned Steward in a lower voice,“Did you know when you forced Nora to donate her kidney,she had already been pregnant...Nora must have been very happy when she knew she had a baby in her body.”
　　Mia’s words threw him in sadness and he closed his eyes to calm down.
　　He knew it was not easy for people to forgive him.
　　“I know Nora might not want to be with me after she wakes up but I can’t leave her.I want to be with her for my rest of my life.Let’s try our best to save her,”said Steward.
　　Even if she wants to have her revenge,Steward would not stop her.


####novel####Chapter 29 A shot in the arm
　　Whatever Mia did or said,Steward never left.Mia wanted to transfer Nora to another place but she thought it was not good for her body.
　　Suddenly,the door opened and Steward heard a familiar voice,“Mia,I brought something for you.”
　　Gabriel was holding a bucket of strawberries and his smile froze when he saw Steward was here.
　　At that time,Steward was looking at Nora with his soft eyes and then his eyes turned gloomy when he saw Gabriel.He asked coldly to Gabriel,“What are you doing here?”
　　“You guys leave us alone!”Mia took the bucket of the strawberries and looked at Gabriel with a questioning look.
　　“Mia,I swear,I didn’t tell him anything about you and Nora!I didn’t betray you guys,”Gabriel explained to Mia.
　　He had tirelessly said many bad things about Steward so that he could win Mia's trust,and Mia believed that he was on her side.Now,they might have trust issues!
　　Steward said coldly,“Is Mia that hot girl you were going to have a date with?”
　　Steward gently released his grip at Nora’s hand and walked out of the door.He also dragged Gabriel out.
　　Mia rolled her eyes and thought,“It was Gabriel who made the first move.”
　　After the two men left,Mia closed the door.She picked and washed some strawberries and sent one to Nora’s lips,saying,“I remember you love strawberries and can’t get enough of it.It’s very sweet so I hope you can wake up and have a taste of it.”
　　“Did you see that jerk today?If you don’t want to see him any more,please wake up and drive him away yourself,alright?”Mia added.
　　What Mia did everyday was to give Nora a sponge bath or a massage and chat with her.Though there was no reply,Mia thought her effort would pay off and Nora would wake up one day.
　　Steward did not leave but stayed outside the door.He pushed Gabriel against the wall and questioned,“When did you know Nora was here?Why didn’t you tell me anything?Do you want to make fun of me?”
　　“I found this by accident when I came here some time ago to get my inspiration for my new book,”said Gabriel.
　　Gabriel was a renowned online writer,and he was going to write a horror novel where there’s a nursing home.So he came here,a high-end nursing home in Alexandria.
　　But later he thought he shouldn’t had come here for inspiration.He should go to an old and dilapidated one for inspiration.
　　He hadn’t expected to see Nora here.
　　“But why didn’t you tell me?”asked Steward.
　　He knew the reason why Mia kept this a secret to him but Gabriel did not tell him when he knew Nora was here.
　　Steward kept questioning him but Gabriel did not think he had done something wrong.Gabriel thought Nora could have a better life without Steward.
　　“He deserved all this since he had done so many terrible things to Nora!”thought Gabriel.
　　Mia was right.A leopard doesn't change its spots.
　　“Steward,you were so terrible to her before.Do you really think you can blame me on this?She was almost dead because of you!In the past two years,she was tortured by you little by little."
　　The brain cancer she had might be the result of the endless pain Steward caused her.
　　Steward released Gabriel,feeling guilty about what he did to Nora.
　　And then he thought,“Since I find Nora is still alive,it means that I've got time to make it up to her and we can get back together.”
　　“Don't be so impassive,"said Steward as he straightened Gabriel's collar with hope in his eyes,"She is still alive,I will try my best to make her wake up.”
　　Soon,he contacted the best brain surgeons and they came to Alexandria overnight.
　　These doctors gave Nora a full check-up,and came to the conclusion that her situation was stable with her organs working normally.
　　She was less likely to experience organ failure and die.
　　But no one was sure whether she could wake up or not.
　　The result was like a shot in the arm.Steward didn’t go back to his family business and stayed with Nora all day.


####novel####Chapter 30 He was not even mentioned
　　Mia had put a bed next to Nora to rest,but now Steward directly dossed down on the floor.What a cheeky man!”
　　Gabriel looked glum and said to Steward,“Mia sleeps here so it is not convenient for her if you move in here.”
　　“Let me think about it.You know what?I think I can replace Mia to take care of Nora so she doesn’t have to stay here,”said Steward.
　　“Could you be more cheeky?”Mia said.
　　Mia pressed her temple with her fingers.She thought these two men are very annoying and they should get out together.
　　“Steward,I think it’s not an easy thing for me to pretend to be Nora,so maybe we should tell her family the truth.”She continued,“I am not being impulsive and‘passing’the buck.The situation couldn’t be worse and since no one is sure when Nora will wake up,I think we should tell her parents her true condition.The Hills will discover it sooner or later.”
　　Steward thought for a while and shook his head,“Please give me some time to save her.If we tell her parents the truth right now,it will change nothing but only makes the Hills sad.I believe she will wake up.”
　　“Isn’t it because you don’t want the Hills to know what you have done to Nora?If you are worried about this,I am telling you that Nora asked me in her letter to not to tell her parents about this.She was always thinking of you.”said Mia.
　　“Could I see her letter?”asked Steward.
　　Actually Steward was prepared to face the Hills.He knew that he had done something wrong and he wished he could have a chance to make it up to her.
　　Mia sent him those letters from Nora.
　　“Dear Mia,
　　Now I realized that you were right.Could you help me this time...
　　You once said I was a stubborn woman who wouldn’t shed tears until seeing the coffin.You were right.I tried my best to please someone I loved but he did not love me back and not moved at all.I am dying of brain cancer and there are few days left for me.Don’t be sad,Mia.Death could be a good thing for me.
　　I could accept my death calmly because I know we would finally meet again in another world.Every time I thought about this,I would stop feeling sad.Like what you said,I am now going to not only see the coffin but also lie in the grave.”
　　I lied to my parents that I went abroad to relax,so please keep my death a secret.I hope they will never know my death.But I know they will finally find out sooner or later so I am asking you to not to tell them what Steward did to me because I don’t want to destroy the relationship between our families.What’s done is done,so let’s not make things worse.
　　Mia,I am really lucky to have you as my friend.You once said to me that I lacked fortune when it comes to men but the world is not perfect.I don’t regret the decisions that I made.If I could meet you in my next life,I hope we are still good friends to each other and I am still my parent’s child.
　　I don’t want to say goodbye to you and my parents.I really miss you guys.I hope I can meet you in my next life.
　　Yours,
　　Nora.”
　　His eyes were blinded by scalding tears.
　　She did not even mention him in her next life.
　　But then he thought,“The next life is not real and what I can do is to treasure what I have for the rest of my life.”
　　Steward wiped his tears and asked Mia with a humble attitude for advice,"Could you tell me what I can do now?"
　　At last,Mia and Steward decided to work together.Mia would give Nora the sponge bath as usual and Steward would take her out for a walk and massage her.
　　He had decided to take care of Nora himself but Mia disagreed and snorted coldly,"I am not sure whether Nora is willing to be taken care of by you.In fact,I don't want you to touch her at all,and I don't think you're helpful for her health.”
　　“Letting him stay here was already the biggest concession I could make,and I wouldn’t let him give the sponge bath to Nora!”thought Mia.
　　Steward went to the most famous masseur in Alexandria,asking him to teach him how to give a massage to a patient,and he told him not to mention this to his parents.
　　This masseur was a an old acquaintance to his mother.
　　He told the masseur to give him a massage and then he practised it on Gabriel’s body.
　　As least,Gabriel praised his massage techniques.The masseur was highly paid by Steward and he advised him that he or his colleague could give a massage to Mrs.Mandel to have a better result.
　　“Mr.Mandel,I have a female colleague who is also very experienced.She could give Mrs.mandel a better massage.”
　　“But I want to do that by myself.”
　　Steward learned really fast and he started to give Nora a massage after he practised it on Gabriel several times.



####novel####Chapter 31 And now he finally felt composed
　　Steward put his hand on Nora’s arm and he could hold her arms with only one palm.She was so skinny.
　　“Please wake up,Nora!I’m going to feed you and make you gain some weight.You were so cute when you were a kid,with your arms like lotus roots...”
　　“When you were a child,you always loved to eat.Your mother even said that she would never worry about your appetite.But since you fell down the tree,you had eaten less and less.”
　　“You believed that it was because of your weight that my wrist broke.What a silly woman!No matter how much weight you gain,I can still hold you up.”
　　...
　　Steward gave her an arm massage for a while until her arms got warm.
　　He didn’t want Nora to experience muscle atrophy when she wakes up so that he could take her home immediately.
　　Mia didn’t sleep in Nora’s room anymore so Steward didn’t have to sleep on the floor.He moved another bed close to Nora’s to make it one.
　　When he slept near her,he stared at his‘sleeping beauty’.”
　　In the past,through nights like this,Nora slept near him with light breath,afraid to waking him up.At that time,he knew her eyes were fixed on him but felt annoyed by her and always rolled over with his back to Nora.
　　Now they reversed their roles.
　　“Nora,you had been lying in the bed for so long.As long as you wake up,you can say or do anything to me.Please,please wake up.”begged Steward.
　　Holding her hands,Steward lay near her.And now he finally felt composed.
　　“I used to call you silly girl but how sensible I was?You know your feelings for me so well,but I always thought of you as my childhood playmate.Until you left me,I came to realize that I loved you as a man.
　　“I was grateful that you are still alive so we can get back together.So this time,let me be that stubborn guy and no matter what it takes,I will never leave you and always hold your hand.”
　　Steward buried his face in Nora's neck,and pressed his face against her warm skin.He thought he could finally have a good sleep.
　　He whispered,“Nora,my dear,I love you...”
　　The Christmas was over.Steward’s father had to go back to work because his son quit his job again.


####novel####Chapter 32 There's something wrong
　　The next afternoon, at two or three o'clock when the weather was really hot, Steward put a colorful knit hat on Nora and took her out.
　　Because of the surgery, she shaved her head, and now her hair was still very short.
　　“I know you like colorful things and I remember you wore a colorful sweater when I came back from studying abroad. You looked especially energetic and dynamic, so today I choose this colorful hat for you. You will like it, right?” Steward poked Nora’s face and praised, "You are very lovely."
　　Then the specially tailored wheelchair arrived, which was covered with soft silk quilts. It was very comfortable to sit in.
　　When he was about to lift her to the wheelchair, he saw Nora move her eyelids. Steward’s eyes widened and he didn't dare to blink in case he missed her next movement.
　　He was holding his breath, afraid he was wrong. Nora's eyelashes trembled like butterfly that were about to fly. Then, under Steward's gaze, Nora slowly opened her eyes.
　　“Nora...”
　　He squeezed himself fiercely and then felt the pain. He was not in a dream and what he saw was true! This made him almost cry for joy.
　　Mia and Gabriel bustled over breathlessly. When they saw Nora sitting there, they couldn’t believe what they had seen.
　　This was the best news of the year! Thank god!
　　“Nora, you have woken up! I didn't expect it to happen so fast... It’s really good news!” Mia burst into tears, but Nora was frightened into hiding in Steward's arms.
　　Mia was surprised and she sobbed, taking a few steps forward, "Have you forgotten what he did to you?" She did not want Nora to be with Steward again.
　　But Gabriel took her aside and whispered, "There's something wrong."
　　When they arrived, they saw Nora’s eyes were empty and innocent as babies, as if she didn't know them.
　　But for Steward, the moment Nora opened her eyes, he became so excited that he didn't know where to land his hands. But he still thought of telling Nora and Gabriel about this. That Nora did not refuse his hug made him very happy now.  
　　He was immersed in the joy of her waking up until Gabriel's words made him calm down. Her waking up was a good start and he believed that everything would be better.
　　Steward brought the doctors in and then they examined Nora. After a while, several people walked into the room, which made this room even crowded.
　　When Nora realized that there were a lot of people around her, she got really scared and started shaking her body. She held Steward’s arm tightly with eyes watering but she was unable to utter a complete sentence.
　　“Don’t be afraid, Nora. I am here with you! We only one doctor here. Please leave us." said Steward. He was holding her skinny body, thinking about how to feed her in the following days.
　　Mia was worried about Nora and she held Gabriel’s arms tightly, asking, “What’s wrong with Nora?”
　　“We thought she would die but she survived and we thought she would stay in a vegetative state for a long time but she now wakes up.” Gabriel held her hands and comforted her,"Everything's going to get better. Nora is a kind woman and I believe even God would stand on her side.”
　　Since Nora could survive the brain cancer, she could face everything with her strong will. The miracle happens.
　　In the room, the doctor asked Nora several questions but she did not reply. 
　　Then the doctor said to Steward, “Mrs. Mandel was healthy in general and later we will give her a more detailed examination. Less technically, Mrs. Mandel’s mental ability had weakened.”
　　“Human brain is very complicated and delicate. The result of the brain surgery was unpredictable. Some would stay in a vegetative state forever, some would have another personality and some would be paralyzed...” said the doctor.
　　“And as for Nora, she had lost all her memories. She did not even remember her own language and lost her basic living skills. In a word, she is a baby now. A baby with a grown-up body. So it’s a time-consuming and energy-consuming job to take care of her. I hope you guys treat her more patiently and help her come back to the grown-up world. Everything's getting better and she learns really fast.”  
　　Everyone present was shocked by the doctor’s words except Nora.


####novel####Chapter 33 Let me be your eyes
　　Steward was the first one to regain his senses. He thought, “Does that mean taking care of Nora was like taking care of a baby?" For him, he had a lot of time and energy and could be patient with her all the time.
　　“I got that. Is there anything I need to pay attention to when looking after her? I will write them down. Maybe it will take a while for her to get her body examined,” said Steward.
　　Mia was relieved. Just as Gabriel said, everything was going to get better. It was still good news even if she had lost her mental ability.
　　But...
　　Mia thought she was too late to come here or she would be the first person Nora saw when she opened her eyes.  
　　At this moment, Nora was very fragile so she would be dependent on the one who she saw first when she woke up.
　　Nora thought, “What if she saw me first? Maybe she won’t be with Steward right now.”
　　“Is that God’s providence?” murmured Mia.
　　At this time, Gabriel pointed out, “Will Nora gain her memories?”  
　　The doctor shook his head, “It’s hard to say since the brain was such a delicate thing. She might remember you guys someday, maybe never.” 
　　Mia bit her lip, conflicted inside. She hoped Nora would never think of those painful memories but at the same time, she did not want her to be hurt by Steward again. 
　　Steward now cared more about whether there was any possibility for Nora to have an eye operation. He wanted to find her a cornea match.
　　“I am sorry to tell you that it’s useless for Nora to have a cornea transplant operation. During the examination, we found that she was permanently visually impaired...” said the doctor. 
　　“But she had removed the tumour in her head.” Mia was surprised and asked, “Do you mean Nora would never see the world again?”
　　“I am afraid so.” said the doctor.
　　Steward felt his heart was broken.
　　He caressed Nora’s eyelids, and thought, “This pair of beautiful eyes would never see the sunshine. But don’t be afraid, Nora. Let me be your eyes for the rest of your life.”
　　After the doctor left, Mia asked Gabriel to buy some porridge.
　　Gabriel bought the sweet pumpkin porridge. When Nora smelt that, she couldn’t help swallowing. But she did not know what to do or say but only put her hands on her belly, frowning.  
　　Mia tried to feed Nora like a mom did to her child, and then lifted the spoon to her mouth. 
　　“Nora, open your mouth. Ah~”
　　But Nora could not see anything and didn’t understand what Mia was saying. She didn’t know what to do when the food came. 


####novel####Chapter 34 Sweet candy
　　In the hallway, Tracey was coming over and when she saw Nora, she smiled and was really happy for her.
　　“It’s really good to know Nora is alright.”  
　　Though most of the people in Care Rite Home are elderly, many young patients started to choose this place as their ideal nursing home.
　　During the past several years in Care Rite Home, Tracey had met many patients who were in a vegetative state but few of them could wake up let alone it took only half a year for Nora to gain consciousness.
　　After Christmas, many old people had come back here. Today was a sunny day, and many people walked in the garden. The old people are scattered in pairs, chatting, dancing, playing chess, playing cards, and so on. 
　　Almost everyone in Care Rite Home knew Mia and Nora. When they knew Nora had woken up, they said Nora was blessed.
　　Nora was afraid to be with so many people so she had to hide in Steward’s arms like a little bird.
　　So Steward kept talking in her ears in order to make her reassured. Slowly, Nora felt more comfortable and her pale cheeks turned normal. 
　　Seeing she felt more relaxed, Mia started to talk with her and wanted Nora to remember her voice. Even if it meant they would start afresh, Mia still felt happy for Nora. 
　　Nora at the moment knew her name since everybody around call her “Nora”. Every time when she heard somebody call “Nora”, she would turn around and frown with her head tilting. She was really cute.
　　An old man gave Nora two pieces of candy. Steward took off the wrapping paper and sent it to Nora’s mouth.   
　　Nora enjoyed the candy, and opened her mouth like a chick waiting for the mother bird to feed her. She seemed to like eating sweet food.
　　While Nora was eating, her small face puckered with her body twisting around. It seemed that she was very uncomfortable. Then she burst into crying like a baby.
　　Steward asked urgently, "What's wrong? Do you feel pain? Is it a stomachache?” But Nora could not express herself. Everyone did not know what to do.
　　It is Gabriel who found some water stains on her pants. It turned out that she wetted her pants. Steward took her back to the room and coaxed her into stopping crying. Mia went to the bathroom and filled the bathtub for Nora to take a bath. 
　　Mia felt she and Nora were closer to each other. Nora did not refuse when Mia took her clothes off but even sighed with comfort when Mia took her wet pants off. 
　　But when Mia started to put Nora into the bathtub, Nora was unwilling to be touched by her and they started wrestling together. They almost fell down to the ground.
　　“Woo, woo” was all that Nora could utter.
　　Steward had been teaching her to call his name but she could not remember that. 
　　So Mia had to call Steward in. Before he went to the bathroom, Steward glared at Gabriel and asked him to avert his eyes.  
　　When he walked into the bathroom, he saw Nora curling up on the ground with her hand covering her head. She was so pale and skinny. Fortunately, the bathroom had a warming device and she wouldn’t feel cold. 
　　When Steward called her “Nora”, she raised her head and said, “Woo, woo.” Steward was very satisfied with her reaction. He thought, “In Nora’s mind, I was the one she could rely on.”
　　He held her hands and guided her to play with the water. Knowing she was not afraid anymore, he slowly put her into the bathtub and let her sit down. Nora squinted her eyes and let out a comfortable sigh.
　　Mia thought, “Steward was really like a male nanny. It seems like Nora likes him more maybe she doesn’t need me anymore.” Mia felt a little sad but much relieved when Steward was with Nora. She walked out of the bathroom.
　　Steward let Nora play with the water herself. When he heard Nora saying "Woo, woo" excitedly, he taught her to pronounce her name again.  
　　“Stew-war-d.” After practising several times, Nora could finally say his name. Steward’s eyes turned red and almost cried.


####novel####Chapter 35 Take her home
　　The water in the bathtub was no longer warm. Seeing Nora had not played enough, Steward filled warm water several times until her fingers started wrinkling. Then Steward persuaded her to step out of the tub.
　　He could see unwillingness in her eyes, which made him a little amused. He got the towel and then dry her off. When he noticed the scar on her waist, his eyes kept watering.
　　He touched that scar gently but Nora dodged him, beaming. She was really ticklish. He wrapped her with a bath towel and hugged her in his arms.
　　His heart beat really fast. It’s not because of the sex drive but his love for her. 
　　She was alive and so lively now! Nora stayed in his arms quietly and kept saying his name, “Steward, Steward.”
　　“I am here for you, Nora.” 
　　It seemed that time had stopped. Nora and Steward snuggled quietly with each other with their breath intertwined.
　　Mia came to Care Rite Home every day but there was nothing she could do because Steward had already prepared everything for Nora. So during her spare time, she would read relevant books and talk to a professional to help Nora fit in life.
　　After a period of time, Nora had learned a bunch of everyday vocabulary and could express her needs clearly. She had put on weight and looked more like a normal healthy person but not as skinny as a patient.  
　　Steward’s father was really mad at him but he did know where Steward have been. So he had no choice but to go back to the family business. Every day, he always called him “unfilial descendant” while Steward’s mother and Nora’s mother traveled abroad together and hoped to meet Nora. 
　　These two ladies were still good friends even when their children’s marriage failed. And they were worried about Nora who hadn’t come back.
　　The leaves turned yellow and the fall arrived. This time, Steward took Nora home. That cold place started to make him feel warm now.
　　A housekeeper was called to clean up the house. Nothing changed here. Nora used to wrap the sharp corners of the furniture and now it benefited her. 
　　When Steward checked the house carefully again and made sure that this was a safe place for a blind person to live, he started to show Nora around to get to know the place.
　　“You are home, Nora...” 
　　Then Mia and Gabriel brought a lot of food, especially fast food on purpose because Nora liked to eat, just like a kid. 
　　“I know the smell! You guys brought fried chicken and chips...” said Nora.
　　Steward smiled and led her to the kitchen to wash her hands, and then let her sit down at the table. Nora couldn’t wait to eat when she touched the chips so she reached out her hands and asked, “Where’s the jam?”
　　Steward squeezed the ketchup into a small dish and then put it in front of her. Then he led the other hand of her to touch the dish. Nora started to eat.
　　Mia picked the popcorn chicken into Nora’s mouth. “Don't despise fast food. Nora needs to put on weight!”
　　“Yes! Healthy food doesn’t taste good.” nodded Nora. And then she shook her head because she did not want to put on weight.
　　Steward always let her eat those “healthy” food which was very bland. All of them laughed.  
　　Nora was now innocent like a child but she still got a grown-up body. She learned things very fast and now in two months, she could have a short conversation with Steward on daily topics.
　　After she ate the food, Gabriel took out a gift box, and said to Nora, “This is a present for you! Welcome home, Nora.” 
　　When she opened it, inside the box were all kinds of wigs. Nora touched them and did not know what they were.


####novel####Chapter 36 You always look brilliant
　　Steward scolded, “What do you mean?”
　　Until now Gabriel realized that the wigs were not good gifts. Even Nora wore it, she could not see it.
　　“I thought Nora might like it.” Gabriel explained.
　　Mia smiled and said, “Nora, I remember you said you wanted your hair to be long. If you wear this, you can make your hair long right away.”
　　“Really?” asked Nora. She touched her hair and it was still very short.
　　Mia led her upstairs and went straight to her room. She picked a most suitable wig for Nora and then helped her to wear it. She also put makeup on Nora.
　　When she finished that, she felt the old Nora was here again. She took out her phone and took several pictures of her in order to send them to her mother. This time, the photos needn’t be photoshopped.
　　Mia wiped her tears and then led Nora downstairs.
　　The moment Steward saw Nora, he was totally shocked and speechless. He had imagined this scene a hundred times. He hoped she hadn’t experienced all those stuff but stayed healthy. 
　　During the two years of their marriage, though he could not see her, he knew she had long hair. Every time she supported him, he couldn’t help reaching out to touch her hair.             
　　Not hearing Steward’s voice, Nora was a little nervous. She touched the hair on her chest and then asked, “How do I look?”  
　　“You are much prettier than I last saw you,” Gabriel’s eyes misted a little and he blinked.     
　　Steward stretched out his long arms and took her into his arms. With one hand around her waist, Steward pressed her head to his chest, sighing, "You look brilliant. You always look brilliant." 
　　Nora murmured, “But the long hair is fake.”
　　“You will grow your own hair soon, honey. You soon will have long hair,” said Steward.
　　“Yes, my hair will grow long.”
　　“Nora’s mother is already suspicious, so let's take Nora home as soon as possible,” Mia said with relief. She finally didn't have to lie and Mrs. Hill would be happy to see Nora.  
　　 “I agree. I will tell Nora about this and make her prepared,” said Steward.
　　After Mia and Gabriel left, Steward took Nora to the supermarket and explained to her what was a supermarket.
　　Nora was no longer afraid of being in front of lots of people as long as Steward held her hands.
　　“Chips, ice cream, cola, soft sweets, juice..." Nora said what she wanted to eat, and then promised, "I will brush my teeth."
　　Steward thought she was really cute. He remembered when he helped brush her teeth, Nora was swallowing the water bubbles.  
　　“You can buy this stuff but you can’t eat too much,” said Steward. 
　　Nora nodded and what she thought was she was going to hide those snacks and eat without letting him know.
　　When they arrived home, Steward soon put all the snacks she bought into a box and locked it. 
　　“You have already eaten much fried food so no more snacks for you today,” Steward touched her pursed lips and pretended to frighten her, “Otherwise, all your teeth will be eaten by little worms.”   
　　 
　　“Then what else can I eat? I don’t want to eat the “healthy food” anymore!” Nora complained.
　　“I will cook for you. Will you eat that?” asked Steward.   
　　Steward had never cooked before but he got a talent for cooking. He downloaded an app about cooking and then cooked according to the content on the app. Finally, he had made three dishes and a bowl of soup, both beautiful and delicious.
　　He himself thought it was okay, not bad.
　　But it turned out his cooking was more than “okay” and Nora could not stop eating whatever Steward put in her bowl. 
　　She learned basic living skills really fast and she could feed herself just fine.
　　Unfortunately, the test results showed that she could not be able to see the world forever.
　　If Nora could not gain her memories, she would live in the darkness, never able to imagine the image of anything in the world. 
　　Every time Steward thought of this, he felt sorry for her because he wanted to give her the best things in the world but she could not see them.



####novel####Chapter 37 What's the difference between men and women?
　　After they had washed themselves, on the first night after they went back home, they slept in Nora’s girlish room.
　　Though she lost her memories, what she liked did not change.
　　When Nora went into her room, she loved it very much. Lots of dolls piled up on the bay window and the oversized stuffed bear sat on the ground. She couldn’t put them down.
　　Nora was hugging the huge stuffed bear with her face rubbing against its furry body. 
　　Steward was a little jealous and asked her, "Do you like hugging me or this bear?"
　　“It’s very soft.” Nora was lying on the belly of the toy bear and then put its two arms around her. 
　　“Didn’t you feel comfortable when I hugged you? You little girl!” he poked her on her waist.
　　“Don’t touch here. It’s so itchy!” 
　　Steward sat beside her closely.
　　It seemed that he had a “skin hunger” for her. He wanted to gain a sense of security by touching her to make sure they were close to each other.  
　　“Nora, we are going to see your mother tomorrow,” said Steward.
　　“But what is ‘mother’?”
　　“Mother is a person who loves you most and treats you best in the world.” 
　　“Are you my ‘mother’?” asked Nora.
　　Nora’s words almost made him laugh but then sudden sadness filled his heart.
　　“Nora, you don’t know. I treated you badly before...” Steward thought.
　　“ ‘Mother’ is a woman like you. I am a man so I could never be a ‘mother’. Tomorrow when you see her, you should call her ‘mother’, okay?”
　　Nora frowned. “Woman, man, What’s the difference between them?”
　　It was not an easy question for Steward to explain to her.  
　　If she were a kid, he might explain this question to her patiently. But at this moment, he could not say a word but was a little turned on by her question. 
　　He took a deep breath and controlled his desire for her. “She was as innocent as a kid now. How could I have this thought?” Steward thought.
　　He then changed the subject immediately and said, “You will have fun at your mother’s home. There’s a dog there. It’s your good friend.”
　　“So you are not my mother.” Nora did not know what a dog was so she ignored what he said and continued to ask, “Who are you? Steward?”
　　“I am your... husband. And you are my wife.” Steward held her hands tightly, saying silently, “Hold your hand and grow old together.”
　　“Wife, husband... So can I call you my husband?”
　　“Yes, you can call me husband and I like it when you call me that.”
　　He remembered clearly that she had called him “husband” only twice, at the beginning and the end of their marriage.”
　　The first time, she called him with expectation but he did not reply; the second time, she called him to say goodbye but he ignored her.   
　　Nora wore a sweet smile on her face. Knowing Steward wanted her to call him husband, she said, “You are my husband.”
　　Steward wanted to cry and said with a lump on his throat, “You are my wife, honey.”
　　“Honey~”
　　“Dear~”
　　These two people could not stop calling each other until Nora felt tired.  
　　“Will I have snacks at my mother’s home?” asked Nora. 
　　“Yes, of course. You can eat whatever you want.”
　　“Eat until I get fat!”
　　“I will still like you...”
　　After Nora fell asleep, Steward put her in the bed and kissed her on the forehead. Then his lips moved downward, from her nose to her lips. Soon he stopped.   
　　Before sleeping, he sent a message to his mother and then turned off his phone.
　　When his mother received the message and knew Steward and Nora were going back to the Hill’s, she was very excited. She immediately called him back only to find he had turned off his phone. 
　　“If he was kidding me, then he’s a dead man!”


####novel####Chapter 38 I will never leave her until I die
　　On the morning of the next day, Mrs. Mandel went to the Hills but Steward had not arrived.
　　Mrs. Hill was also very excited and anxious, “Since Steward called me yesterday afternoon, I haven’t slept well.”
　　Hearing that, Mrs. Mandel was in a rage and thought, “Why had Steward sent her the message so late after giving a call to Nora’s mother? And he even turned off the phone after the text!”  
　　Mrs. Mandel said to Mrs. Hill, “Since Steward and Nora will come back together, does that mean they have gotten back together?” 
　　Mrs. Hill said, “I am not sure. But this time, I think we shouldn’t interfere in their relationship.” 
　　They were waiting for Steward and Nora’s arrival but only Steward appeared.
　　Mrs. Hill and Mrs. Mandel asked together, “Where is Nora?”
　　“She is in the car,” said Steward with a dark face and felt guiltier when he met his and Nora’s mother, “I have to tell you something so that you can have mental preparation before you meet.”  
　　He was not afraid to admit he had done something wrong but he was afraid that their parents would not approve of them being together.  
　　He did not tell the whole story but told them, “When Nora knew she had brain cancer, she decided to record a video to tell you she was going abroad. Though she survived the surgery, she had been in a vegetative state and it was Mia who had been taking care of her. I found her a few days ago. She had woken up but lost her sight and all her memories.”
　　“My poor girl!” Mrs. Hill almost cried and fell to the ground. Mrs. Mandel held her and comforted her, “Fortunately, Nora is alive. We shouldn’t cry before Nora in case we would frighten her...” 
　　And then Mrs. Mandel asked Steward, “Is it because Nora found she had cancer that she wanted to have a divorce with you?"
　　Mrs. Mandel had known that the reason why he did not work these days was that he had to take care of Nora.
　　Steward nodded and thought he would do anything for the rest of his life to make it up to Nora but at this moment, he could not tell them the truth because it might hurt them. If Nora gained her memories, he thought she would support him. 
　　Mrs. Mandel and Mrs. Hill wiped their tears and went out of the gate to meet Nora.
　　The car door opened and their eyes started watering.
　　“Nora, mom is there!” said Mrs. Hill.
　　Steward held Nora’s hands and helped her get out of the car. He whispered in her ears, “Don’t be afraid. Do you still remember what I told you?”
　　Nora nodded and looked at Mrs. Hill with a sweet smile. And then she called her, “Mom!”
　　Mrs. Hill ran toward Nora and hugged her tightly, crying, "Fortunately, you are alright, otherwise I would die with you..."
　　“Dear, Steward...” Nora was a little afraid so she started struggling, asking Steward for help.  
　　“I am here. I will hold your hands. It’s going to be okay, Nora,” Steward replied and held her hands tightly.
　　Nora calmed down and she liked holding hands with Steward, which made her feel reassured.
　　She thought her mother’s hug was very warm and comfortable.
　　Then Mia and Gabriel got out of the car and started to comfort Mrs. Hill.
　　Mrs. Mandel’s eyes were still red and she pulled Steward aside, saying in a low voice, “What’s going on between you and Nora?”
　　“As you can see...”
　　“Are you sympathizing with her?” asked Mrs. Mandel. 
　　She had a reason to ask this question. Before their marriage, Steward refused to marry Nora and after their marriage, he had been indifferent to her and finally signed the divorce paper. “Why did he change his mind?” his mother thought.
　　Steward shook his head and said firmly, “I am in love with her.”
　　“When she was healthy, you treated her so badly, and now she is blind and intellectually impaired like a child, you tell me you love her?” Mrs. Mandel still could not believe what her son said.
　　“Mother, are you judging her?” Steward said with a gloomy face.
　　“I would never judge her. What I want to say is that if you do not truly love her, you shouldn’t promise to be with her. She now is so dependent on you and your leaving would hurt her again.”
　　“I will never leave her until I die!”
　　Mrs. Mandel was surprised by his determined attitude.



####novel####Chapter 39 Bitter sweetness
　　As for Mrs. Hill, she had stopped crying and led Nora into the room.
　　But Nora did not move and she shook Steward’s hand, “Steward...”
　　He smiled and said, “Let's get in there. This is your home too.”
　　And then all of them went in. This was the first time Gabriel came to Nora’s parents’ home and he was amazed by the quaint building. 
　　“Woof, woof, woof...”
　　In the yard, the little dog was running toward her with its tongue sticking out and the noise of the wheels of its scooter.  
　　It still remembered Nora and excitedly lifted its paws on Nora’s legs.
　　“Nora, do you remember that you sent this little dog to me? Now it had gained much weight and became round. Maybe you can touch it,” said Mrs. Hill.
　　This time, faced with something unfamiliar, Nora was not scared and she looked down at the little dog and crouched down to stroke it.
　　The dog rubbed her palm with its head. When she felt the soft touch, she said happily, "A moving doll!"
　　“It is your dog and it likes you very much,” Steward said and touched her head.
　　“My dog?” Nora tilted her head and kept stroking the dog, saying, “I love you, my dog.”
　　 In the afternoon when they had lunch, Steward took Nora to the yard and they played with the dog.
　　Nora could not see but she tirelessly threw the Frisbee. The dog fetched it back for her and then she threw it again.  
　　Mrs. Mandel saw this and smiled at Mrs. Hill, “Steward could take care of Nora well. You can trust him.”
　　“I don’t think so. Even if Nora can not see anything, he doesn’t deserve her.” Gabriel disagreed with her.
　　Unexpectedly, Mrs. Mandel was not angry at his words but said, "In fact, I think so too. But love needs no reason and they two love each other. ”
　　Mia frowned and controlled herself from revealing what Steward had done to Nora.   
　　And Mrs. Hill thanked her repeatedly and she almost fell to her knees. 
　　Mia felt like her heart was tormented by an invisible force, and she watched Steward and Nora. She thought Nora fell into the clutches of the devil Steward again, and could not be dismantled.
　　Even if Nora lost her memories, she still fell in love with Steward.
　　They are meant to be with each other.
　　Even Mrs. Hill thought it was the force of fate.
　　Nora was happy with him. It was not a good idea to separate them.
　　And she saw clearly that Steward truly loved Nora for his eyes were filled with love for her.
　　After dinner, Mia and Gabriel left and so did Mrs. Mandel who said she would come again tomorrow.
　　Mrs. Hill could hardly bear to leave her daughter so she asked Nora and Steward to stay. They slept in Nora’s room.  
　　Nora was very happy today and she had fun with the dog. She behaved like a kid who always ate snacks but never meals. Steward was amused by her but also worried about her.
　　After living a short while in her parent’s home, Nora was much closer to her family. Even when she was not with Steward, she wouldn’t feel scared at home.
　　When they arrived at their home, Nora said to Steward secretly, “I have asked mom and she told me the difference between men and women.”
　　“Really?” he smiled, “ Explain to me.”
　　But soon, Steward’s smile froze because Nora put one of her hands on his chest and the other on his men’s area...
　　“Men were smaller up here and bigger down there.” 
　　His mother must have taught Nora these words.
　　Steward breathed a little faster. He wanted to push her away and also wanted her hands to stay. It was bitter sweetness.
　　He gritted his teeth and threw her hands away. But she kept pinching his men’s area and asked out of curiosity, “Why this place is getting bigger? I could not see it. Did you hide something in your pocket, Steward?”  
　　He’s a man and he could not stand it anymore.


####novel####Chapter 40 Changes
　　Steward pushed her under him and said with a hoarse voice, “Do you really want to know?” 
　　Then he gave her the best sex she’s ever had, being patient and gentle.  
　　Love can even make a savage man gentle. As a man, this was the first time for Steward to control his desire and prioritize her feelings. 
　　Nora was very shy when she was naked and kissed by Steward but she trusted him and followed his lead.
　　On the morning of the next day, Nora woke up but still felt a little groggy. When she realized that they were really close to each other and both naked, her face turned red.   
　　Her body temperature went up because of her shyness and how could Steward not notice that?
　　He smiled and bit her ears, asking, “My dear, how did you know what it is?”
　　Nora was shy and turned around, saying, “I don’t know. Stop asking me...”
　　“You don’t know?” he put his jaw on her shoulders and his waist sank. “let’s do it one more time so you will know what it is...” 
　　Her body was soft and shaking because of his movement... 
　　This time, Steward did not control himself and they both had a great time. He hugged Nora who was soft with satisfaction. 
　　After this, they became more like a couple.
　　After knowing that his son had not divorced and lived a happy life with his wife, Steward’s father persuaded him to go back to work and support his own family. 
　　Steward took almost all his work home. If he had to attend a meeting or a banquet, he would bring Nora with him or let her wait in her office. Sometimes he sent her to her parents’ home and picked her up when he finished work or social engagement. 
　　He felt more reassured when he was with Nora and he couldn’t leave her for one second. He even wanted to take her into his pocket and go everywhere with him. 
　　Knowing they got back together, Leo felt happy for them. He did not expect that there would be one day when Mr. Mandel and Mrs. Mandel finally led a happy life.
　　This Christmas, the two families stayed together and celebrated the new year.  
　　Steward carefully selected a brilliant blue diamond ring, and had been preparing for a grand wedding without telling Nora. He wanted to give everything to Nora that he did not give her in the past. 
　　Time passed and everything was going well.
　　But somebody was going to ruin all this.
　　One day, Steward just finished his meeting and was about to go back home with Nora. But he remembered that he lost an important document in his office. Leo had asked for leave that day, so he had to get the document himself. Nora was waiting in the car.
　　Only after a few moments, when he came back to the parking lot, he found Nora was not in the car and the window was broken.
　　After he pulled the security video and it turned out to be Ann.
　　Ann abducted Nora to an underground clinic nearby. She had long been tormented by the pain of her disease, and she got a gun in her hand. She threatened the doctor in the clinic with a vicious look into giving her a kidney transplant surgery.
　　“I can’t do this! " the doctor cried and screamed, not knowing where this crazy woman came from.
　　He was surprised that she was forcing another woman to give her a kidney. 
　　Kidney transplant surgery was never easy. It might even result in death. 
　　Most of the operations he did here were abortions... 
　　“You must take the kidney from her body and do the surgery for me!” Ann was haggard and aimed the gun at Nora, shouting, "I'll kill her right now, and you take the kidney out for me !"
　　Nora was huddling in the corner and cried, “Who are you? I don’t know you...” 
　　“You don’t know me?” asked Ann and then she crouched before Nora with an awful smile and her gun aimed at Nora’s forehead, “I am Steward’s girlfriend and he once forced you to give me a kidney. What a pity! That kidney did not work but you've still got one left...”  
　　“You are lying! Lying!” Nora kept shaking her head and could not digest the information.
　　She did not know what a kidney was but heard “Steward’s girlfriend”. She did not believe what she said. Nora knew Steward only loved her.


####novel####Chapter 41 A dangerous moment
　　“Wait a minute. What’s the matter with your eyes? You’ve lost your sight?” Ann found something wrong and thought, “Why is she blind?”
　　“I don’t know... I don’t know what you are saying. Steward is my husband and he only loves me!” 
　　“Do you remember Steward took something from your body for me?” 
　　Ann moved her gun to Nora’s waist with a tap.
　　Nora was very scared of her, but she twisted her small face and laughed by instinct.
　　“I feel itchy! Steward won’t do that to me! You are lying!”
　　Ann gritted her teeth and growled, “Nora, I am Ann Edith! Don’t you remember me? Stop playing tricks with me!”
　　The doctor saw that Ann gave her attention to Nora, so he quietly moved his body, leaning against the wall to try to sneak out.
　　He thought, “That woman is so crazy and has lost her mind.”
　　“Stop and stand still,” Ann threatened him and said, “Do you still want your legs?”
　　Her gun pointed at the doctor’s leg. If he tried to run away again, she might shoot his legs.
　　“OK... At first, I need to give both of you the anesthetic.”
　　“There’s no need for the anesthetic. I will kill her right now, and you take the kidney from her immediately!” 
　　The doctor was astonished and persuaded, “You can’t do this! I have no vessel for medical use, and I need to give her an anesthetic so that her kidney will be useful for you. If you kill her right now, the kidney will not be viable for you...”
　　“Oh, yeah?” Ann squinted.
　　“Yes...Yes. So you should let me give her an anesthetic.”
　　Then the doctor took out an anesthetic with an excessive amount. 
　　At that moment, someone broke the door open and shouted, “Are you here? Nora!” 
　　Just then, the doctor ran toward Ann and injected her with the anesthetic.
　　Ann felt the pain and shot him in his shoulder and then he kept bleeding.
　　The shot and a scream of Nora made Steward shocked. 
　　He broke into the room and he felt relieved when he found Nora was not hurt.
　　He asked Ann with a gloomy face, “Ann, don’t do anything rash! I will help you find a suitable kidney around the world. I promise!”
　　“I don’t believe you! I want Nora’s kidney! Only hers!” Ann bit her lips. Her vision got blurred and she started feeling cold. 
　　Her waist hurt badly and was urgent to get a new healthy kidney.
　　“Steward, I am scared...” Nora said.
　　When Steward heard Nora, he ran toward her regardless of the danger.
　　Ann lifted her gun and shot at him. 
　　At that moment, Steward was shot but still held Nora in his arms tightly.
　　The warm blood was on Nora’s face and she was shocked to faint without saying anything.
　　“Bang!” she fired another shot.
　　But this time she missed because the anesthetic was really hitting her.
　　She had no strength to fire another shot and she fell to the ground, dead.
　　Because her body was already in a bad situation, the large dose of anesthetic made her even worse.
　　At the hospital
　　Steward was in the Emergency Room. He was shot in the place only half centimetre from his heart so the situation was quite unpridictable.
　　His father kept pacing outside the operating room, and his mother cried so hard.
　　Mrs. Mandel hated Ann and thought why she kept badgering him.
　　At the ward, Nora slowly opened her eyes.
　　She still could not see anything but this time she gained her memories.
　　Her tears silently slid down her cheeks, and her hands clutched the sheets.
　　She thought fate was joking with her. After losing her memories, she got back together with Steward, and now she restored her memories.
　　“If only I never remembered it for the rest of my life, or I hadn't lost it in the first place.” Nora thought.
　　Especially now...



####novel####Chapter 42 She had regained her memories
　　She touched her belly, and knew there was already a little life growing in her body.
　　“Baby, what should I do? Could you tell mom what to do?”
　　It was so painful to be in this situation!
　　The door of the ward was pushed open, and Nora knew it was her mother. She cried even more.
　　She stared blankly at the ceiling and muttered, "Mom, I want to go home." 
　　When Mrs. Hill received the call from Mrs. Mandel, she was overcome with fear.
　　After knowing Nora was not hurt, she went to see Steward and cried with Mrs. Mandel. 
　　She did not know why her daughter wanted to go home now.
　　“You want to go home now? Steward hasn’t been out of danger...”
　　Nora closed her eyes and rolled over with her back to her mother. 
　　Mrs. Hill was more confused. She had thought her daughter might cry when she saw her but had not expected her indifferent reaction.
　　Nora clutched the sheet harder, and she bit her pale lip to red.   
　　She must be lying if she said she didn't care about Steward, but she could no longer give him her pure and innocent love like she used to do.
　　At this moment, she was tortured and mixed with different feelings.
　　She did not want Steward to die but she did not want to get back together with him. She did not know what to do. 
　　The operation of Steward was successfully done. Steward survived and was sent to the ICU.
　　While Nora was discharged from the hospital and went back to her parents’ home.
　　And she didn’t go to the hospital the following days.
　　The first thing that Steward did was to ask how Nora was so his mother called Mrs. Hill and asked Nora to come to the hospital to see Steward.
　　But Mrs. Hill said, “Nora was frightened, and refused to go out. She seemed like a different person.”
　　So Mrs. Mandel went to Mrs. Hill’s home to see Nora. She found Nora was different.
　　She was more silent and soulless.
　　“Nora, don’t worry. Steward was much better. But he’s worried about you and missed you very much. Could you go to the hospital and see him?” asked Mrs. Mandel.
　　Nora was afraid to see her eager eyes and what she could do was not to tell them what Steward had done to her so their parents could still be friends. This was all she could do.
　　Nora shook her head and stayed in silence.
　　In the past few days, she had been wondering whether to keep the baby in her body. 
　　Why did she have to make this decision?
　　After Mrs. Mandel left with disappointment, Nora called Mia.
　　Mia said, “Nora, don’t worry. Steward will be OK in a few days. Be good and eat well. You can eat your favorite snacks. If you lost weight, Steward would be worried about you.
　　“Mia, I am pregnant. What should I do...”
　　“This is a good thing, Nora. Don’t be afraid.” After saying this, Mia found something was wrong and she asked her carefully, “Did... Did your memory come back?” 
　　“Yes, I think fate was joking with me...”
　　Mia didn’t know what to say. Previously, she disapproved of their being together when Nora lost her memories. But now, Nora gained her memories and was pregnant.
　　It was not an easy decision to make. 
　　“Nora, follow your heart,” said Nora.
　　“I don’t know what to do and what I really want...”
　　Nora hung up the phone and said to the baby in her body, “My little baby, it’s not the right time for you to come to this world.”
　　Mia bit her lips and did not know how to deal with this situation. She thought for a while and decided to call Gabriel.
　　Gabriel answered the phone immediately and said excitedly, "Mia, I am really flattered that you called me!"
　　“How is Steward?”
　　“He woke up and said he wanted to see Nora when he noticed she was not in the hospital. He also kept asking whether Nora was frightened and why she didn’t come to see him.”
　　“I need you to tell Steward that Nora had regained her memories.”
　　Gabriel widened his eyes and murmured, “Not good. Not good...”
　　He soon went to the hospital and when he arrived, Steward asked him immediately, “How is Nora? My mother told me she looked blue and a little frightened. Please ask Mia to take care of her for a while and as soon as I recover...”
　　Gabriel looked at his pale face and felt sorry for him. 
　　“Steward, you don’t have to do this. The reason why she didn’t come was that she had regained her memories.”



####novel####Chapter 43 I will have a divorce anyway
　　Steward froze for a while and his heart contracted instantly. He felt his wounds hurt more, with his face and lips turning pale.
　　The day finally came...
　　That’s still good news. She finally regained her memories.
　　Though he was really happy when she was totally dependent on him since Nora had lost her memories. Steward still hoped she would regain her memories.
　　Because he wanted Nora to remember what they had gone through since their childhood and he wanted her to remember she once deeply loved him.
　　If she never regained her memories, she would be like a child with a grown-up body who lost her soul. She would still be Nora but not the one he was familiar with.
　　Steward calmed down and stopped asking questions about Nora. What he should do now was to get fully recovered.
　　Nora asked Mia to draw up a simple divorce agreement, stating she would give up the her share of marital property because she wanted to divorce him quickly. 
　　Mia hesitated, "Nora, have you made up your mind? What about the baby?”
　　“I am not in a good physical condition... so I don’t want this baby." Nora smiled very lightly, "I am no longer the stupid woman who would do anything for Steward. I want to take care of myself and accompany my family."
　　Once she would die for a man but now she treasured more about herself. She could let Steward go.
　　When Steward saw Gabriel bring the divorce paper, his heart was totally broken. His face turned pale and he tore off the paper.
　　“I still have another...” Gabriel took a pile of divorce paper with Nora’s signature on it, which suggested Nora had made up her mind.
　　Steward smiled bitterly. Now it was him who didn’t want to have a divorce. It was his retribution.
　　“I need to talk to her...”
　　Gabriel nodded, “You can talk to her later. Nora also came to the hospital and went to the O.B.”
　　“Is she uncomfortable?” Steward was still worried about her. 
　　“I heard that she was going to have an abortion.”
　　As soon as he heard this, Steward was astonished and he quickly got up.
　　“Why didn't you tell me earlier?”
　　He pulled out the needle on the back of his hand and then ran out of the ward with one hand pressing his heart. He grabbed a doctor and shouted, "Where is the O.B. ward?"
　　If Nora gave up on him, whether they signed the divorce paper or not didn’t matter. 
　　But if they had a baby, they would be specially connected by it! 
　　He would never let her have the abortion.
　　Gabriel sighed and followed Steward, “I know where she is, this way.”
　　It only took a few minutes to get there but Steward was in great suffering. He prayed in his heart and hoped she hadn’t started the abortion.   
　　He found she was sitting in the corridor and thought he came in time.
　　“Nora!” 
　　Hearing this, Nora was a little nervous and she frowned, thinking, “How did he know?”
　　She stayed in silence and seemed not to talk to him. Steward’s eyes started watering.
　　“This baby... This baby is innocent,” he crouched down, begging, “Please, don’t do this...”
　　Nora was sad already but she still smiled, “I am not healthy enough to have this baby, we might all die when I gave birth.” 
　　Steward was totally shocked and felt really cold. What she said terrified him.
　　“Nora’s safety comes first,” he thought. Immediately he gave up the idea of letting her give birth to this baby.
　　“I will take care of you after the operation...”
　　“I don’t need you.”
　　The air seemed to freeze and they both stayed silent.
　　This was the first time for Steward to know how it felt when treated indifferently.
　　She was being indifferent to him only once while he had treated her like this a hundred times. He finally realized what she had gone through during their marriage.  
　　Mia walked out of the doctor’s office. When she saw Steward was here, she glared at Gabriel and thought, “He is a such betrayer. I shouldn’t have told him about this. Men are always on men’s side.”
　　Gabriel touched his nose, feeling guilty. He told Steward about this because he felt sorry for him. He did not expect Mia to be angry at him. “I take credit for Steward,” he thought. 
　　“Nora...” Mia did not know what to say at this moment.
　　Nora made up her mind and said to Steward, “I don’t want to see you anymore. If you don’t sign the divorce paper, let’s take this to the court. I will have a divorce anyway.”


####novel####Chapter 44 It's toolate
　　Steward mourned with a tight voice and grabbed her hand in a hurry. He took out a blue diamond ring and put it on her ring finger.
　　“Nora, please. Please don’t do this to me. I still have feelings for you and I want to be with you... Can you give me a second chance? I picked this ring for you myself. It’s different!”
　　She could notice that his body was shaking and she also felt very sad.
　　She struggled free of his grip and then took off the ring, throwing it away. Then she stood up and reached out her hands to Mia. 
　　Mia immediately took her in her arms.
　　Gabriel hurriedly picked up the diamond ring. 
　　Nora shook her head and said firmly, “That two years of marriage was a disaster for me. I  would never get back together with you!” 
　　Steward's heart was in great pain and his leg was weak. He held Nora’s legs, begging.
　　“Nora, please give me a chance to get you back! I only need one chance! I will do anything if you can give me a chance, please!”
　　Steward did not care what he was doing. If Nora could give him a chance, he would kneel down for a long time.  
　　This scene soon caused the crowd to gather and watch.
　　“The man even kneels down before his wife. What mistake did he make?”
　　“Two people in love can go through anything.”
　　“Women are soft inside. If she was so determined, the man must have done many bad things.”
　　“It seems that that woman was blind.”
　　...
　　Nora did not expect Steward, a proud man, to kneel down before her.
　　But she only felt tired and wanted all this to end.  
　　“We are over. It’s too late for you to say this. Now I am going to get the abortion so you can leave. The sooner, the better.” 
　　Steward was like a soulless man and released her.
　　Nora and Mia went into the operating room.
　　Gabriel shouted to the crowd, “Just go, you people. Don’t give us more trouble.”
　　When he found Steward was still sitting on the floor, staring blankly, he was going to pull him up.
　　Steward stood up and sat on the chair where Nora had just sat, saying, “The surgery would do harm to her body so I will wait for her and take care of her after the operation.”
　　He waited until the sky turned dark.
　　When he asked a nurse about Nora, he knew that Nora and Mia had already left. 
　　Gabriel saw that Steward was in frustration, so he comforted him, “What you need to do now is to get fully recovered and win her back.”
　　Steward nodded and thought he still had time and would wait for her for the rest of his life.
　　After half a month, Steward was discharged from the hospital. When he saw the keys left by the door, he got a little nervous. 
　　He went upstairs only to find that Nora had packed almost all her stuff and nothing was left in the room except the plum wine.
　　Steward got the lid off and drank more than ever. He became dizzy and went to the Hill’s.
　　Mrs. Hill did not know what to do but asked the servant to get Nora in here. 
　　Since Nora had made up her mind to divorce, Mrs. Hill would accept the result without asking the reasons.
　　Mrs. Hill was confused and thought it was a pity. But she also thought it was useless to ask the reasons for their marriage. 
　　It was almost early in the morning. It was not polite for Steward to get so drunk and come here.
　　Nora came with her guide dog “Danny”, a Labrador that helped a lot in her daily life. 
　　When she was approaching, a strong smell of alcohol made her want to throw up.
　　“Steward, are you losing your mind? Do you know the danger of drink-driving?”
　　He shook his head and explained, “Don’t be mad at me, Nora. I came here by taxi.”
　　“You have just recovered. What drink attracts you so much?”
　　“The plum wine you made,” Steward’s eyes brightened and he staggered toward her. He gave her a big hug, smiling, “Nora, I know you still care about me. Right?”
　　Nora couldn't bear it any longer and spat out on him.


####novel####Chapter 45 I wish I would necer meet you in my next life
　　Steward gently patted her back, and wiped the remains off the corner of her mouth with his hand, panicking, "What's wrong with you? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
　　"Stay away from me!" Nora frowned. She hadn't eaten much for the dinner and threw up almost everything because of him.
　　"Did... Did I make you so disgusted?" Steward was devastated, crumbling.
　　“You should go and wash.”
　　“Yes.”
　　Steward was led by the servants to wash.
　　Nora washed her mouth with clean water, and after thinking, she asked the servants to make some food for her.
　　Although she didn’t have much appetite, she had to force herself to eat some.
　　"Nora, tomorrow I will accompany you to the hospital to see the doctor."
　　Mrs. Hill was worried about her daughter’s health very much.
　　She also asked Nora to take a physical examination every half a year.
　　“I am alright. It’s just morning sickness.”
　　Mrs. Hill could not digest this information, saying with surprise, "Are you pregnant? Who’s the father? Is this the reason you want to divorce him?”
　　Nora twitched her lips and did not want to reply.
　　Since she decided to give birth to this baby, the baby belonged to her only. 
　　“You don’t have to know who the baby’s father is. It’s my baby.”
　　When the doctor told Nora her body could withstand pregnancy, she felt relieved. In her heart, she still wanted the baby.
　　Mrs. Hill was happy to know that she was going to have her grandchild, but asked worriedly, "Does Steward know this?" 
　　“Whether he knows this or not won’t change anything.”
　　After Steward washed, he still felt dizzy.
　　And when he saw the sober-up tea, Steward was happy to know Nora still cared about him. 
　　“Nora, will you make plum wine for me?” 
　　“I don’t make that for you.”
　　“You do!”
　　“I won’t do that anymore.”
　　Steward was like an upset kid. He put down the tea, and said, "I don’t want to be sober.”
　　Nora stayed indifferent, “Whatever.”
　　She ate a sandwich and then “Danny” guided her home.
　　Steward lay in the guest room for a while, unable to sleep and unable to be sober. He came by the door of Nora's room and sat down.
　　Though he could not see her, it was good to know she was inside the room.
　　When Nora found Steward was brazen enough to live in her parents’ home, and refused to sign the divorce paper, she wanted to turn to the lawyer.
　　Steward gritted his teeth and signed the divorce paper, with the strength that almost poked through the paper. Then he said firmly, "We are not over. I want to get you back!”
　　When he saw Nora’s body gradually getting bigger because of the growth of the baby, Steward was surprised.
　　He did not know what to do but was unwilling to leave her.
　　He made a great effort, cooking different dishes every day, taking a walk with her every day, and giving her massages. He wished he would go through all these bad things for her.
　　If impossible, he'd rather be pregnant himself!
　　Because of Steward, Danny was less used and she played with other dogs every day.
　　Since he didn’t leave, Nora took his care for granted and most of the time she was indifferent to him.
　　Occasionally, she would talk to him. Steward would be very happy as if he had won a big prize.
　　"After the child is born, it will grow up and has its own life. What about me? What else can I do?” asked Nora.
　　"Enjoy your life, and I will take you to taste delicious food all around the world."
　　"I'm talking about my work. What else can I do? Give blind massages?”
　　Nora saw he was silent, knowing he felt guilty for her, so she said, "If I didn’t give the cornea I would still be blind. You don't have to be sorry."
　　She thought she was lucky to be alive though she lost her sight.
　　Steward was glad to hear what she said and smiled, "Then will I be your guest? After the massage, I will give you a massage on your hands with milk.”
　　Nora also smiled but with a sigh, and she slowly approached his chest, listening to his steady heartbeat becoming fast.
　　She closed her eyes and murmured, "Steward, if there is a next life for me, I don't want to meet you again."
　　Steward trembled and hugged her with watering eyes, nodding his head.
　　He felt blessed that he could be with her for the rest of his life. 
　　As for the next life, if they could meet, he would still love her no matter what it would take.

